
.TH "GCLOUD_SQL_DATABASES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud sql databases create \- creates a database for a Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud sql databases create\fR \fIDATABASE\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-charset\fR=\fICHARSET\fR] [\fB\-\-collation\fR=\fICOLLATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Creates a database for a Cloud SQL instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATABASE\fR
Cloud SQL database name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-charset\fR=\fICHARSET\fR
Cloud SQL database charset setting, which specifies the set of symbols and
encodings used to store the data in your database. Each database version may
support a different set of charsets.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-collation\fR=\fICOLLATION\fR
Cloud SQL database collation setting, which specifies the set of rules for
comparing characters in a character set. Each database version may support a
different set of collations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
