
.TH "GCLOUD_DNS_RECORD\-SETS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dns record\-sets list \- view the list of record\-sets in a managed\-zone



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dns record\-sets list\fR \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR [\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR] [\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command displays the list of record\-sets contained within the specified
managed\-zone.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
Name of the managed\-zone whose record\-sets you want to manage.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR
Only list record\-sets with this exact domain name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
Only list records of this type. If present, the \-\-name parameter must also be
present.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see the list of all record\-sets in my_zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets list \-\-zone my_zone
.RE

To see the list of first 10 record\-sets in my_zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets list \-\-zone my_zone \-\-limit=10
.RE

To see the list of 'my.zone.com.' record\-sets in my_zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets list \-\-zone my_zone \-\-name="my.zone.com."
.RE

To see the list of 'my.zone.com.' CNAME record\-sets in my_zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets list \-\-zone my_zone \-\-name="my.zone.com." \e
    \-\-type="CNAME"
.RE
