
.TH "GCLOUD_AUTH_ACTIVATE\-SERVICE\-ACCOUNT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud auth activate\-service\-account \- authorize access to Google Cloud Platform using a service account



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud auth activate\-service\-account\fR [\fIACCOUNT\fR] \fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-password\-file\fR=\fIPASSWORD_FILE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-prompt\-for\-password\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Adds service account credentials from a file that contains a private
authorization key to the existing set of credentials managed and used by gcloud.

The key file for this command can be obtained using either:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
the Cloud Platform console (https://console.cloud.google.com) or
.IP "\(bu" 2m
$ gcloud iam service\-accounts keys create.
.RE
.sp

The key file can be .json (preferred) or .p12 (legacy) format. For legacy .p12
files, a separate password might be required. This password is displayed in the
console when you create the key.

The credentials will also be activated, which is same as running $ gcloud config
set account ACCOUNT_NAME.

If you specify a project using the \f5\-\-project\fR flag, the project is set in
your active configuration, which is same as running $ gcloud config set project
PROJECT_NAME.

Any previously active credentials will still be retained, and can be seen by
running $ gcloud auth list. They will just no longer be the active/default
credentials.

If you want to delete previous credentials see \f5gcloud auth revoke\fR command.

Note: Service accounts use client quotas for tracking usage.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIACCOUNT\fR]
E\-mail address of the service account.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY_FILE\fR
Path to the private key file.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-password\-file\fR=\fIPASSWORD_FILE\fR
Path to a file containing the password for the service account private key (only
for a .p12 file).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-prompt\-for\-password\fR
Prompt for the password for the service account private key (only for a .p12
file).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
