
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_KEYS_SET\-ROTATION\-SCHEDULE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms keys set\-rotation\-schedule \- update the rotation schedule for a key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms keys set\-rotation\-schedule\fR \fIKEY\fR [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR=\fINEXT_ROTATION_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-rotation\-period\fR=\fIROTATION_PERIOD\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Updates the rotation schedule for the given key. The schedule automatically
creates a new primary version for the key according to the
\f5\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR and \f5\-\-rotation\-period\fR flags.

The flag \f5\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR must be in ISO or RFC3339 format, and
\f5\-\-rotation\-period\fR must be in the form INTEGER[UNIT], where units can be
one of seconds (s), minutes (m), hours (h) or days (d).

Key rotations performed manually via \f5update\-primary\-version\fR and the
version \f5create\fR do not affect the stored \f5\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEY\fR
Name of the key to update the schedule of.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
The containing keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the requested resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR=\fINEXT_ROTATION_TIME\fR
Next automatic rotation time of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-rotation\-period\fR=\fIROTATION_PERIOD\fR
Automatic rotation period of the key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command sets a 30 day rotation period for the key named
\f5frodo\fR within the keyring \f5fellowship\fR and location \f5global\fR
starting at the specified time:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys set\-rotation\-schedule frodo \e
    \-\-location global \e
    \-\-keyring fellowship \e
    \-\-rotation\-period 30d \e
    \-\-next\-rotation\-time 2017\-10\-12T12:34:56.1234Z
.RE
