
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_SUBNETS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute networks subnets create \- define a subnet for a network in custom subnet mode



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute networks subnets create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR \fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-private\-ip\-google\-access\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Define a subnet for a network in custom subnet mode.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the subnetwork to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The network to which the subnetwork belongs.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR
The IP space allocated to this subnetwork in CIDR format.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional description of this subnetwork.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-private\-ip\-google\-access\fR
Enable/disable access to Google Cloud APIs from this subnet for instances
without a public ip address.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the subnetwork to create. If not specified, you will be prompted
to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
