
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute \- create and manipulate Google Compute Engine resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

The gcloud compute command group lets you create, configure and manipulate
Google Compute Engine virtual machines.

With Compute Engine you can create and run virtual machines on Google
infrastructure. Compute Engine offers scale, performance, and value that allows
you to easily launch large compute clusters on Google's infrastructure.

More information on Compute Engine can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/ and detailed documentation can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBaccelerator\-types\fR
Read Google Compute Engine accelerator types.

.TP 2m
\fBaddresses\fR
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine addresses.

.TP 2m
\fBbackend\-buckets\fR
Read and manipulate backend buckets.

.TP 2m
\fBbackend\-services\fR
List, create, and delete backend services.

.TP 2m
\fBdisk\-types\fR
Read Google Compute Engine virtual disk types.

.TP 2m
\fBdisks\fR
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine disks.

.TP 2m
\fBfirewall\-rules\fR
List, create, update, and delete Google Compute Engine firewall rules.

.TP 2m
\fBforwarding\-rules\fR
Read and manipulate traffic forwarding rules to network load balancers.

.TP 2m
\fBhealth\-checks\fR
Read and manipulate health checks for load balanced instances.

.TP 2m
\fBhttp\-health\-checks\fR
Read and manipulate HTTP health checks for load balanced instances.

.TP 2m
\fBhttps\-health\-checks\fR
Read and manipulate HTTPS health checks for load balanced instances.

.TP 2m
\fBimages\fR
List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBinstance\-groups\fR
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instance groups.

.TP 2m
\fBinstance\-templates\fR
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instances templates.

.TP 2m
\fBinstances\fR
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBmachine\-types\fR
Read Google Compute Engine virtual machine types.

.TP 2m
\fBnetworks\fR
List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine networks.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine operations.

.TP 2m
\fBproject\-info\fR
Read and manipulate project\-level data like quotas and metadata.

.TP 2m
\fBregions\fR
List Google Compute Engine regions.

.TP 2m
\fBrouters\fR
List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine routers.

.TP 2m
\fBroutes\fR
Read and manipulate routes.

.TP 2m
\fBsnapshots\fR
List, describe, and delete Google Compute Engine snapshots.

.TP 2m
\fBssl\-certificates\fR
List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine SSL certificates.

.TP 2m
\fBtarget\-http\-proxies\fR
List, create, and delete target HTTP proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBtarget\-https\-proxies\fR
List, create, and delete target HTTPS proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBtarget\-instances\fR
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual target instances.

.TP 2m
\fBtarget\-pools\fR
Control Compute Engine target pools for network load balancing.

.TP 2m
\fBtarget\-ssl\-proxies\fR
List, create, and delete target SSL proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBtarget\-tcp\-proxies\fR
List, create, and delete target TCP proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBtarget\-vpn\-gateways\fR
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine VPN Gateways.

.TP 2m
\fBurl\-maps\fR
List, create, and delete URL maps.

.TP 2m
\fBvpn\-tunnels\fR
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine VPN Tunnels.

.TP 2m
\fBxpn\fR
Configure shared VPC network (XPN).

.TP 2m
\fBzones\fR
List Google Compute Engine zones.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBconfig\-ssh\fR
Populate SSH config files with Host entries from each instance.

.TP 2m
\fBconnect\-to\-serial\-port\fR
Connect to the serial port of an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBcopy\-files\fR
\fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Copy files to and from Google Compute Engine virtual machines
via scp.

.TP 2m
\fBreset\-windows\-password\fR
Reset and return a password for a Windows machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBscp\fR
Copy files to and from Google Compute Engine virtual machines via scp.

.TP 2m
\fBssh\fR
SSH into a virtual machine instance.
.RE
.sp
