
.TH "GCLOUD_DEBUG_LOGPOINTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud debug logpoints delete \- delete debug logpoints



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud debug logpoints delete\fR [\fIID\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-all\-users\fR] [\fB\-\-include\-inactive\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command deletes logpoints from a Cloud Debugger debug target. It will ask
for confirmation before deleting any logpoints. To suppress confirmation, use
the global \-\-quiet option.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIID\fR ...]
Zero or more logpoint resource identifiers. The specified logpoints will be
deleted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\-users\fR
If set, any location regexp will match logpoints from all users, rather than
only logpoints created by the current user. This flag is not required when
specifying the exact ID of a logpoint created by another user.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-include\-inactive\fR
If set, any location regexp will also match inactive logpoints, rather than only
logpoints which have not expired. This flag is not required when specifying the
exact ID of an inactive logpoint.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR
A regular expression to match against logpoint locations. All logpoints matching
this value will be deleted. You may specify \-\-location multiple times.

EXAMPLE:

.RS 2m
gcloud debug logpoints delete \e
    \-\-location foo.py:[1\-3] \-\-location bar.py:4
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)
The debug target. It may be a target ID or name obtained from 'debug targets
list', or it may be a regular expression uniquely specifying a debuggee based on
its description or name. For App Engine projects, if not specified, the default
target is the most recent deployment of the default module and version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
