
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_SET\-AUTOSCALING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-autoscaling \- set autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-autoscaling\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-max\-num\-replicas\fR=\fIMAX_NUM_REPLICAS\fR [\fB\-\-cool\-down\-period\fR=\fICOOL_DOWN_PERIOD\fR] [\fB\-\-custom\-metric\-utilization\fR=[\fImetric\fR=\fIMETRIC\fR],[\fIutilization\-target\fR=\fIUTILIZATION\-TARGET\fR],[\fIutilization\-target\-type\fR=\fIUTILIZATION\-TARGET\-TYPE\fR]] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-num\-replicas\fR=\fIMIN_NUM_REPLICAS\fR] [\fB\-\-scale\-based\-on\-cpu\fR] [\fB\-\-scale\-based\-on\-load\-balancing\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-cpu\-utilization\fR=\fITARGET_CPU_UTILIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-load\-balancing\-utilization\fR=\fITARGET_LOAD_BALANCING_UTILIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-autoscaling\fR sets autoscaling
parameters of specified managed instance group.

Autoscalers can use one or more policies listed below. Information on using
multiple policies can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/autoscaler/multiple\-policies



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-num\-replicas\fR=\fIMAX_NUM_REPLICAS\fR
Maximum number of replicas Autoscaler will set.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cool\-down\-period\fR=\fICOOL_DOWN_PERIOD\fR
The time period that the autoscaler should wait before it starts collecting
information from a new instance. This prevents the autoscaler from collecting
information when the instance is initializing, during which the collected usage
would not be reliable. The default is 60 seconds.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-metric\-utilization\fR=[\fImetric\fR=\fIMETRIC\fR],[\fIutilization\-target\fR=\fIUTILIZATION\-TARGET\fR],[\fIutilization\-target\-type\fR=\fIUTILIZATION\-TARGET\-TYPE\fR]
Adds a target metric value for the to the Autoscaler.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmetric\fR
Protocol\-free URL of a Google Cloud Monitoring metric.

.TP 2m
\fButilization\-target\fR
Value of the metric Autoscaler will aim to maintain (greater than 0.0).

.TP 2m
\fButilization\-target\-type\fR
How target is expressed. Valid values: DELTA_PER_MINUTE, DELTA_PER_SECOND,
GAUGE.
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Notes about Autoscaler.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-num\-replicas\fR=\fIMIN_NUM_REPLICAS\fR
Minimum number of replicas Autoscaler will set.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scale\-based\-on\-cpu\fR
Autoscaler will be based on CPU utilization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scale\-based\-on\-load\-balancing\fR
Use autoscaling based on load balancing utilization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-cpu\-utilization\fR=\fITARGET_CPU_UTILIZATION\fR
Autoscaler will aim to maintain CPU utilization at target level (0.0 to 1.0).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-load\-balancing\-utilization\fR=\fITARGET_LOAD_BALANCING_UTILIZATION\fR
Autoscaler will aim to maintain the load balancing utilization level (greater
than 0.0).

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you
will be prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may
be prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
