
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_DISKS_REMOVE\-LABELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute disks remove\-labels \- remove labels from Google Compute Engine persistent disks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute disks remove\-labels\fR \fIDISK_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-all\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]) [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute disks remove\-labels\fR removes labels from a Google Compute
Engine persistent disk. For example, running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks remove\-labels example\-disk \-\-labels=k0,k1
.RE

will remove existing labels with key \f5\fIk0\fR\fR and \f5\fIk1\fR\fR from
\'example\-disk'.

Labels can be used to identify the disk and to filter them as in

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks list \-\-filter='labels.k1:value2'
.RE

To list existing labels

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks describe example\-disk \e
    \-\-format='default(labels)'
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDISK_NAME\fR
The name of the disk to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
Remove all labels from the resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of label keys to remove from the resource.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the disk to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
