
.TH "GCLOUD_SPANNER_DATABASES_EXECUTE\-SQL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud spanner databases execute\-sql \- executes a read\-only SQL query against a Cloud Spanner database



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud spanner databases execute\-sql\fR \fIDATABASE\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR \fB\-\-sql\fR=\fISQL\fR [\fB\-\-query\-mode\fR=\fIQUERY_MODE\fR;\ default="NORMAL"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Executes a read\-only SQL query against a Cloud Spanner database.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATABASE\fR
Cloud Spanner database ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud Spanner instance ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sql\fR=\fISQL\fR
The SQL query to issue to the database. Cloud Spanner SQL is described at
https://cloud.google.com/spanner/docs/query\-syntax


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-query\-mode\fR=\fIQUERY_MODE\fR; default="NORMAL"
Mode in which the query must be processed. \fIQUERY_MODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBNORMAL\fR
Returns only the query result, without any information about the query plan.
.TP 2m
\fBPLAN\fR
Returns only the query plan, without any result rows or execution statistics
information.
.TP 2m
\fBPROFILE\fR
Returns both the query plan and the execution statistics along with the result
rows.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
