
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER_NODE\-POOLS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container node\-pools delete \- delete an existing node pool in a running cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container node\-pools delete\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR] [\fB\-\-wait\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud container node\-pools delete\fR deletes a node pool from a Google
Container Engine cluster. This command does not gracefully drain the nodes prior
to deleting them. Use "kubectl drain NODE_NAME" to drain each node to have
containers running on these nodes terminate gracefully.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the node pool to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Don't wait for the operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The cluster from which to delete the node pool. Overrides the default
\fBcontainer/cluster\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-wait\fR
DEPRECATED, use \-\-no\-async. Poll the operation for completion after issuing a
create request.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
The compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete the "node\-pool\-1" node pool from the cluster "sample\-cluster", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container node\-pools delete node\-pool\-1 \e
    \-\-cluster=sample\-cluster
.RE
