
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPONENTS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud components list \- list the status of all Cloud SDK components



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud components list\fR [\fB\-\-show\-versions\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command lists all the available components in the Cloud SDK. For each
component, the command lists the following information:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Status on your local workstation: not installed, installed (and up to date), and
update available (installed, but not up to date)
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Name of the component (a description)
.IP "\(bu" 2m
ID of the component (used to refer to the component in other [gcloud components]
commands)
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Size of the component
.RE
.sp

In addition, if the \f5\-\-show\-versions\fR flag is specified, the command
lists the currently installed version (if any) and the latest available version
of each individual component.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-show\-versions\fR
Show installed and available versions of all components.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

$ gcloud components list

$ gcloud components list \-\-show\-versions
