
.TH "GCLOUD_DEBUG_SNAPSHOTS_WAIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud debug snapshots wait \- wait for debug snapshots to complete



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud debug snapshots wait\fR [\fIID\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-all\fR] [\fB\-\-all\-users\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="unlimited"] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command waits for one or more snapshots on a Cloud Debugger debug target to
become completed. A snapshot is considered completed either if there was an
error setting the snapshot or if the snapshot was hit on an instance of the
debug target.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIID\fR ...]
Zero or more snapshot resource identifiers. The command will wait for any of the
specified snapshots to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
If set, wait for all of the specified snapshots to complete, instead of waiting
for any one of them to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\-users\fR
If set, wait for matching snapshots from all users, rather than only the current
user.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR
A regular expression to match against snapshot locations. The command will wait
for any snapshots matching these criteria to complete. You may specify
\-\-location multiple times.

EXAMPLE:

.RS 2m
gcloud debug snapshots wait \e
  \-\-location foo.py:[1\-3] \-\-location bar.py:3
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)
The debug target. It may be a target ID or name obtained from 'debug targets
list', or it may be a regular expression uniquely specifying a debuggee based on
its description or name. For App Engine projects, if not specified, the default
target is the most recent deployment of the default module and version.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="unlimited"
Maximum number of seconds to wait for a snapshot to complete. By default, wait
indefinitely.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
