
.TH "GCLOUD_ML\-ENGINE_LOCAL_PREDICT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud ml\-engine local predict \- run prediction locally



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud ml\-engine local predict\fR \fB\-\-model\-dir\fR=\fIMODEL_DIR\fR (\fB\-\-json\-instances\fR=\fIJSON_INSTANCES\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-text\-instances\fR=\fITEXT_INSTANCES\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud ml\-engine local predict\fR performs prediction locally with the given
instances. It requires the TensorFlow SDK be installed locally.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\-dir\fR=\fIMODEL_DIR\fR
Path to the model.

.RE
.sp
Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-json\-instances\fR=\fIJSON_INSTANCES\fR
Path to a local file from which instances are read. Instances are in JSON
format; newline delimited.

An example of the JSON instances file:

.RS 2m
{"images": [0.0, ..., 0.1], "key": 3}
{"images": [0.0, ..., 0.1], "key": 2}
...
.RE

This flag accepts "\-" for stdin.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-text\-instances\fR=\fITEXT_INSTANCES\fR
Path to a local file from which instances are read. Instances are in UTF\-8
encoded text format; newline delimited.

An example of the text instances file:

.RS 2m
107,4.9,2.5,4.5,1.7
100,5.7,2.8,4.1,1.3
...
.RE

This flag accepts "\-" for stdin.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
