
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_FORWARDING\-RULES_SET\-TARGET" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute forwarding\-rules set\-target \- modify a forwarding rule to direct network traffic to a new target



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute forwarding\-rules set\-target\fR \fINAME\fR (\fB\-\-backend\-service\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_HTTP_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_HTTPS_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-instance\fR=\fITARGET_INSTANCE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-pool\fR=\fITARGET_POOL\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-ssl\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_SSL_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-tcp\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_TCP_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY\fR) [\fB\-\-load\-balancing\-scheme\fR=\fILOAD_BALANCING_SCHEME\fR;\ default="EXTERNAL"] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\-region\fR=\fISUBNET_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-instance\-zone\fR=\fITARGET_INSTANCE_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-pool\-region\fR=\fITARGET_POOL_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\-region\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-backend\-service\-region\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_REGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-global\-backend\-service\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute forwarding\-rules set\-target\fR is used to set a new target
for a forwarding rule. Forwarding rules match and direct certain types of
traffic to a load balancer which is controlled by a target pool, a target
instance, or a target HTTP proxy. Target pools and target instances perform load
balancing at the layer 3 of the OSI networking model
(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_layer). Target HTTP proxies perform load
balancing at layer 7.

Forwarding rules can be either regional or global. They are regional if they
point to a target pool or a target instance and global if they point to a target
HTTP proxy.

For more information on load balancing, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load\-balancing\-and\-autoscaling/.


When creating a forwarding rule, exactly one of
\f5\fI\-\-target\-instance\fR\fR, \f5\fI\-\-target\-pool\fR\fR,
\f5\fI\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR\fR, \f5\fI\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR\fR,
\f5\fI\-\-target\-ssl\-proxy\fR\fR, \f5\fI\-\-target\-tcp\-proxy\fR\fR or
\f5\fI\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR\fR must be specified.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the forwarding rule to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backend\-service\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE\fR
The target backend service that will receive the traffic.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_HTTP_PROXY\fR
The target HTTP proxy that will receive the traffic.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_HTTPS_PROXY\fR
The target HTTPS proxy that will receive the traffic.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-instance\fR=\fITARGET_INSTANCE\fR
The name of the target instance that will receive the traffic. The target
instance must be in a zone that's in the forwarding rule's region. Global
forwarding rules may not direct traffic to target instances. If not specified,
you may be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-pool\fR=\fITARGET_POOL\fR
The target pool that will receive the traffic. The target pool must be in the
same region as the forwarding rule. Global forwarding rules may not direct
traffic to target pools.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-ssl\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_SSL_PROXY\fR
The target SSL proxy that will receive the traffic.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-tcp\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_TCP_PROXY\fR
The target TCP proxy that will receive the traffic.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY\fR
The target VPN gateway that will receive forwarded traffic.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-load\-balancing\-scheme\fR=\fILOAD_BALANCING_SCHEME\fR; default="EXTERNAL"
This signifies what the forwarding rule will be used for.
\fILOAD_BALANCING_SCHEME\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBEXTERNAL\fR
Used for HTTP or HTTPS for External Load Balancing.
.TP 2m
\fBINTERNAL\fR
Used for Internal Network Load Balancing.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
(Only for Internal Load Balancing) The network that this forwarding rule applies
to. If this field is not specified, the default network will be used. In the
absence of the default network, this field must be specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
(Only for Internal Load Balancing) The subnetwork that this forwarding rule
applies to. If the network configured for this forwarding rule is in auto subnet
mode, the subnetwork is optional. However, if the network is in custom subnet
mode, a subnetwork must be specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\-region\fR=\fISUBNET_REGION\fR
The region of the subnetwork to operate on. If not specified it will be set the
region of the forwarding rule. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-instance\-zone\fR=\fITARGET_INSTANCE_ZONE\fR
The zone of the target instance to operate on. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-pool\-region\fR=\fITARGET_POOL_REGION\fR
The region of the target pool to operate on. If not specified it will be set the
region of the forwarding rule. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\-region\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY_REGION\fR
The region of the VPN gateway to operate on. If not specified it will be set the
region of the forwarding rule. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backend\-service\-region\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_REGION\fR
The region of the backend service to operate on. If not specified it will be set
the region of the forwarding rule. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\-backend\-service\fR
If provided, it is assumed the backend service is global.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, it is assumed the forwarding rule is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the forwarding rule to operate on. If not specified, you will be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
