
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER_CLUSTERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container clusters create \- create a cluster for running containers



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container clusters create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-additional\-zones\fR=\fIZONE\fR,[\fIZONE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\-ipv4\-cidr\fR=\fICLUSTER_IPV4_CIDR\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\-version\fR=\fICLUSTER_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-disable\-addons\fR=[\fIDISABLE_ADDONS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-disk\-size\fR=\fIDISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-endpoints\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-logging\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-monitoring\fR] [\fB\-\-image\-type\fR=\fIIMAGE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR,\ \fB\-m\fR\ \fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-nodes\-per\-pool\fR=\fIMAX_NODES_PER_POOL\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-node\-labels\fR=[\fINODE_LABEL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-num\-nodes\fR=\fINUM_NODES\fR;\ default="3"] [\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR] [\fB\-\-scopes\fR=\fISCOPE\fR,[\fISCOPE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-subnetwork\fR=\fISUBNETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-username\fR=\fIUSERNAME\fR,\ \fB\-u\fR\ \fIUSERNAME\fR;\ default="admin"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a cluster for running containers.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of this cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-additional\-zones\fR=\fIZONE\fR,[\fIZONE\fR,...]
The set of additional zones in which the specified node footprint should be
replicated. All zones must be in the same region as the cluster's primary zone.
If additional\-zones is not specified, all nodes will be in the cluster's
primary zone.

Note that \f5NUM_NODES\fR nodes will be created in each zone, such that if you
specify \f5\-\-num\-nodes=4\fR and choose one additional zone, 8 nodes will be
created.

Multiple locations can be specified, separated by commas. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-additional\-zones us\-central1\-b,us\-central1\-c
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Don't wait for the operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-ipv4\-cidr\fR=\fICLUSTER_IPV4_CIDR\fR
The IP address range for the pods in this cluster in CIDR notation (e.g.
10.0.0.0/14). Prior to Kubernetes version 1.7.0 this must be a subset of
10.0.0.0/8; however, starting with version 1.7.0 can be any RFC 1918 IP range.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-version\fR=\fICLUSTER_VERSION\fR
The Kubernetes version to use for the master and nodes. Defaults to
server\-specified.

The default Kubernetes version is available using the following command.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container get\-server\-config
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disable\-addons\fR=[\fIDISABLE_ADDONS\fR,...]
List of cluster addons to disable. Options are HttpLoadBalancing,
HorizontalPodAutoscaling. \fIDISABLE_ADDONS\fR must be one of:
\fBHttpLoadBalancing\fR, \fBHorizontalPodAutoscaling\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\-size\fR=\fIDISK_SIZE\fR
Size in GB for node VM boot disks. Defaults to 100GB.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-cloud\-endpoints\fR
Automatically enable Google Cloud Endpoints to take advantage of API management
features. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-endpoints\fR to
disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-cloud\-logging\fR
Automatically send logs from the cluster to the Google Cloud Logging API.
Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-logging\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-cloud\-monitoring\fR
Automatically send metrics from pods in the cluster to the Google Cloud
Monitoring API. VM metrics will be collected by Google Compute Engine regardless
of this setting. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-monitoring\fR
to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-type\fR=\fIIMAGE_TYPE\fR
The image type to use for the cluster. Defaults to server\-specified.

Image Type specifies the base OS that the nodes in the cluster will run on. If
an image type is specified, that will be assigned to the cluster and all future
upgrades will use the specified image type. If it is not specified the server
will pick the default image type.

The default image type and the list of valid image types are available using the
following command.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container get\-server\-config
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR, \fB\-m\fR \fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
The type of machine to use for nodes. Defaults to n1\-standard\-1.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-nodes\-per\-pool\fR=\fIMAX_NODES_PER_POOL\fR
The maximum number of nodes to allocate per default initial node pool. Container
Engine will automatically create enough nodes pools such that each node pool
contains less than \-\-max\-nodes\-per\-pool nodes. Defaults to 1000 nodes, but
can be set as low as 100 nodes per pool on initial create.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The Compute Engine Network that the cluster will connect to. Google Container
Engine will use this network when creating routes and firewalls for the
clusters. Defaults to the 'default' network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-labels\fR=[\fINODE_LABEL\fR,...]
Applies the given kubernetes labels on all nodes in the new node\-pool. Example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-node\-labels=label\-a=value1,label\-2=value2
.RE

New nodes, including ones created by resize or recreate, will have these labels
on the kubernetes API node object and can be used in nodeSelectors. See
http://kubernetes.io/docs/user\-guide/node\-selection/ for examples.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-nodes\fR=\fINUM_NODES\fR; default="3"
The number of nodes to be created in each of the cluster's zones.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR
The password to use for cluster auth. Defaults to a server\-specified
randomly\-generated string.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scopes\fR=\fISCOPE\fR,[\fISCOPE\fR,...]
Specifies scopes for the node instances. The project's default service account
is used. Examples:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-scopes https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-scopes bigquery,storage\-rw,compute\-ro
.RE

Multiple SCOPEs can specified, separated by commas. The scopes necessary for the
cluster to function properly (compute\-rw, storage\-ro), are always added, even
if not explicitly specified.

SCOPE can be either the full URI of the scope or an alias. Available aliases
are:


.TS
tab(,);
lB lB
l l.
Alias,URI
bigquery,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery
cloud\-platform,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud\-platform
cloud\-source\-repos,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/source.full_control
cloud\-source\-repos\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/source.read_only
compute\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute.readonly
compute\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute
datastore,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/datastore
default,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts.readonly
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/pubsub
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
logging\-write,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
monitoring,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring
monitoring\-write,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
service\-control,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
service\-management,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
sql,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice
sql\-admin,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin
storage\-full,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.full_control
storage\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
storage\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write
taskqueue,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/taskqueue
useraccounts\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts.readonly
useraccounts\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts
userinfo\-email,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email
.TE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnetwork\fR=\fISUBNETWORK\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine subnetwork
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/subnetworks) to which the cluster is
connected. If specified, the cluster's network must be a "custom subnet"
network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
Applies the given Compute Engine tags (comma separated) on all nodes in the new
node\-pool. Example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container clusters create example\-cluster \-\-tags=tag1,tag2
.RE

New nodes, including ones created by resize or recreate, will have these tags on
the Compute Engine API instance object and can be used in firewall rules. See
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/compute/firewall\-rules/create for
examples.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-username\fR=\fIUSERNAME\fR, \fB\-u\fR \fIUSERNAME\fR; default="admin"
The user name to use for cluster auth.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
The compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
