
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute networks create \- create a Google Compute Engine network



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute networks create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-mode\fR=\fINETWORK_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute networks create\fR is used to create virtual networks. A
network performs the same function that a router does in a home network: it
describes the network range and gateway IP address, handles communication
between instances, and serves as a gateway between instances and callers outside
the network.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the network to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-mode\fR=\fINETWORK_TYPE\fR
The network type. \fINETWORK_TYPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBauto\fR
Subnets are created automatically. This is the recommended selection.
.TP 2m
\fBcustom\fR
Create subnets manually.
.TP 2m
\fBlegacy\fR
Create an old style network that has a range and cannot have subnets.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR
Specifies the IPv4 address range of legacy mode networks. The range must be
specified in CIDR format:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter\-Domain_Routing

This flag only works if mode is legacy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
