
.TH "GCLOUD_TOPIC_CONFIGURATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud topic configurations \- supplementary help for named configurations



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

gcloud properties can be stored in \fBnamed configurations\fR, which are
collections of key\-value pairs that influence the behavior of gcloud.

Named configurations are intended to be an advanced feature, and you can
probably ignore them entirely if you only work with one project.

Properties that are commonly stored in configurations include default Google
Compute Engine zone, verbosity level, project ID, and active user or service
account. Configurations allow you to define and enable these and other settings
together as a group.

Configurations are especially useful if you:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Work with multiple projects. You can create a separate configuration for each
project.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Use multiple accounts, for example, a user account and a service account, etc.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Perform generally orthogonal tasks (work on an appengine app in project foo,
administer a Google Compute Engine cluster in zone user\-central\-1a, manage the
network configurations for region asia\-east\-1, etc.)
.RE
.sp

Property information stored in named configurations are readable by all gcloud
commands and may be modified by \f5gcloud config set\fR and \f5gcloud config
unset\fR.


.SH "Creating configurations"

Named configurations maybe be defined by users or built into gcloud.

User defined configurations have lowercase names, such as 'johndoe', 'default',
\'jeff\-staging', or 'foo2'. These are defined by the following regular
expression: \f5^[a\-z][\-a\-z0\-9]*$\fR

Additionally there is a builtin configuration named NONE that has no properties
set.

The easiest way to create a brand new configuration is by running

.RS 2m
$ gcloud init
.RE

This will guide you through setting up your first named configuration, creating
a new named configuration, or reinitializing an existing named configuration.
(Note: reinitializing an existing configuration will remove all its existing
properties!)

You can create a new empty configuration with

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config configurations create my\-config
.RE


.SH "Using configurations"

gcloud may have at most one \fBactive\fR configuration which provides property
values. Inactive configurations have no effect on gcloud executions.

You can activate a configuration with

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config configurations activate my\-config
.RE

You can view and change the properties of your active configuration using the
following commands:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config list
$ gcloud config set
.RE

Additionally, commands under \f5gcloud config configurations\fR allow you to to
list, activate, describe, and delete configurations that may or may not be
active.

You can activate a configuration for a single gcloud invocation using flag,
\f5\-\-configuration my\-config\fR, or environment variable
\f5CLOUDSDK_ACTIVE_CONFIG_NAME=my\-config\fR.



.SH "AVAILABLE PROPERTIES"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIcore\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBaccount\fR
The account gcloud should use for authentication. You can run \f5gcloud auth
list\fR to see the accounts you currently have available.


.TP 2m
\fBcustom_ca_certs_file\fR
Absolute path to a custom CA cert file.


.TP 2m
\fBdefault_regional_backend_service\fR
If True, backend services in \f5gcloud compute backend\-services\fR will be
regional by default. The \f5\-\-global\fR flag will be required for global
backend services.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_color\fR
If True, color will not be used when printing messages in the terminal.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_prompts\fR
If True, the default answer will be assumed for all user prompts. For any
prompts that require user input, an error will be raised. This is the equivalent
of using the global \f5\-\-quiet\fR flag.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_usage_reporting\fR
If True, anonymous statistics on SDK usage will not be collected. This is value
is set based on your choices during installation, but can be changed at any
time. For more information, see: https://cloud.google.com/sdk/usage\-statistics


.TP 2m
\fBlog_http\fR
If True, log HTTP requests and responses to the logs. You may need to adjust
your \f5verbosity\fR setting if you want to see in the terminal, otherwise it is
available in the log files.


.TP 2m
\fBmax_log_days\fR
Maximum number of days to retain log files before deleting. If set to 0, turns
off log garbage collection and does not delete log files. If unset, defaults to
30.


.TP 2m
\fBpass_credentials_to_gsutil\fR
If True, pass the configured Cloud SDK authentication to gsutil.


.TP 2m
\fBproject\fR
The project id of the Cloud Platform project to operate on by default. This can
be overridden by using the global \f5\-\-project\fR flag.


.TP 2m
\fBshow_structured_logs\fR
Controls when JSON structured log messages for the current verbosity and above
will be written to standard error. The default is text format when disabled.
Valid values are: \f5never\fR \- Log messages as text, \f5always\fR \- Always
log messages as JSON, \f5log\fR \- Only log messages as JSON if stderr is a
file, \f5terminal\fR \- Only log messages as JSON if stderr is a terminal. If
unset default is \f5never\fR.


.TP 2m
\fBtrace_token\fR
Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of issues. This
token will be provided by Google support.


.TP 2m
\fBuser_output_enabled\fR
If False, messages to the user and command output on both standard output and
standard error will be suppressed.


.TP 2m
\fBverbosity\fR
The default logging verbosity for gcloud commands. This is the equivalent of
using the global \f5\-\-verbosity\fR flag.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIapp\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcloud_build_timeout\fR
The timeout, in seconds, to wait for Docker builds to complete during
deployments. All Docker builds now use the Container Builder API.


.TP 2m
\fBpromote_by_default\fR
If True, when deploying a new version of a service, that version will be
promoted to receive all traffic for the service. The flag can be overridden via
the \f5\-\-promote\-by\-default\fR or \f5\-\-no\-promote\-by\-default\fR flags.


.TP 2m
\fBstop_previous_version\fR
If True, when deploying a new version of a service, the previously deployed
version is stopped. If False, older versions must be stopped manually.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIauth\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdisable_credentials\fR
If true, gcloud will not attempt to load any credentials or authenticate any
requests. This is useful if you are behind a proxy that adds authentication to
your requests.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIcomponent_manager\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadditional_repositories\fR
A comma separated list of additional repositories to check for components. This
property is automatically managed by the \f5gcloud components repositories\fR
commands.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_update_check\fR
If True, the Cloud SDK will not automatically check for updates.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIcompute\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBregion\fR
The default region to use when working with regional Compute Engine resources.
When a \f5\-\-region\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall
back to this value, if set. To see valid choices, run \f5gcloud compute regions
list\fR.


.TP 2m
\fBzone\fR
The default zone to use when working with zonal Compute Engine resources. When a
\f5\-\-zone\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall back to
this value, if set. To see valid choices, run \f5gcloud compute zones list\fR.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIcontainer\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbuild_timeout\fR
The timeout, in seconds, to wait for container builds to complete.


.TP 2m
\fBcluster\fR
The name of the cluster to use by default when working with Container Engine.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_application_default_credentials\fR
Use application default credentials to authenticate to the cluster API server.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_client_certificate\fR
Use the cluster's client certificate to authenticate to the cluster API server.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIdataproc\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBregion\fR
Specifies the Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIfunctions\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBregion\fR
The default region to use when working with Google Compute functions resources.
When a \f5\-\-region\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall
back to this value, if set. To see valid choices, run \f5gcloud functions
regions list\fR.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIml_engine\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBpolling_interval\fR
The interval (in seconds) at which to poll logs from your Cloud ML Engine jobs.
Note that making it much faster than the default (60) will quickly use all of
your quota.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIproxy\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBaddress\fR
The hostname or IP address of your proxy server.


.TP 2m
\fBpassword\fR
If your proxy requires authentication, the password to use when connecting.


.TP 2m
\fBport\fR
The port to use when connected to your proxy server.


.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
The type of proxy you are using. Supported proxy types are: [http,
http_no_tunnel, socks4, socks5].


.TP 2m
\fBusername\fR
If your proxy requires authentication, the username to use when connecting.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIspanner\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBinstance\fR
The default instance to use when working with Cloud Spanner resources. When an
\f5instance\fR is required but not provided by a flag, the command will fall
back to this value, if set.
.RE
.RE
.sp
