
.TH "GCLOUD_SQL_INSTANCES_SET\-ROOT\-PASSWORD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud sql instances set\-root\-password \- sets the password of the MySQL root user



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud sql instances set\-root\-password\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR (\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR,\ \fB\-p\fR\ \fIPASSWORD\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-password\-file\fR=\fIPASSWORD_FILE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-prompt\-for\-password\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Sets the password of the MySQL root user.

This command is deprecated and will be removed in version 162.0.0. Please use
users set\-password as an alternative.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR, \fB\-p\fR \fIPASSWORD\fR
The password for the root user. WARNING: Setting password using this option can
potentially expose the password to other users of this machine. Instead, you can
use \-\-password\-file to get the password from a file.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-password\-file\fR=\fIPASSWORD_FILE\fR
The path to the filename which has the password to be set. The first line of the
file will be interpreted as the password to be set.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-prompt\-for\-password\fR
Prompt for the Cloud SQL user's password with character echo disabled. The
password is all typed characters up to but not including the RETURN or ENTER
key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
