
.TH "GCLOUD_ML\-ENGINE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud ml\-engine \- manage Cloud ML Engine jobs and models



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud ml\-engine\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command group has been deprecated; please use \f5gcloud ml\-engine
versions\fR instead.

The gcloud ml\-engine command group lets you manage Google Cloud ML Engine jobs
and training models.

Cloud ML Engine is a managed service that enables you to easily build machine
learning models, that work on any type of data, of any size. Create your model
with the powerful TensorFlow framework that powers many Google products, from
Google Photos to Google Cloud Speech.

More information on Cloud ML Engine can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/ml and detailed documentation can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/ml/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBjobs\fR
Cloud ML Engine Jobs commands.

.TP 2m
\fBlocal\fR
Cloud ML Engine Local commands.

.TP 2m
\fBmodels\fR
Cloud ML Engine Models commands.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
Manage Cloud ML Engine operations.

.TP 2m
\fBversions\fR
Cloud ML Engine Versions commands.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBpredict\fR
Run Cloud ML Engine online prediction.
.RE
.sp
