
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_DETACH\-DISK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances detach\-disk \- detach disks from Compute Engine virtual machine instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances detach\-disk\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-device\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-disk\fR=\fIDISK\fR) [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances detach\-disk\fR is used to detach disks from virtual
machines.

Detaching a disk without first unmounting it may result in incomplete I/O
operations and data corruption. To unmount a persistent disk on a Linux\-based
image, ssh into the instance and run:

.RS 2m
$ sudo umount /dev/disk/by\-id/google\-DEVICE_NAME
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
The name of the instance to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR
Specifies a disk to detach by its device name, which is the name that the guest
operating system sees. The device name is set at the time that the disk is
attached to the instance, and needs not be the same as the persistent disk name.
If the disk's device name is specified, then its persistent disk name must not
be specified using the \f5\fI\-\-disk\fR\fR flag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\fR=\fIDISK\fR
Specifies a disk to detach by its resource name. If you specify a disk to remove
by persistent disk name, then you must not specify its device name using the
\f5\fI\-\-device\-name\fR\fR flag.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
