
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TARGET\-VPN\-GATEWAYS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute target\-vpn\-gateways create \- create a target VPN Gateway



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute target\-vpn\-gateways create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute target\-vpn\-gateways create\fR is used to create a target VPN
Gateway. A target VPN Gateway can reference one or more VPN tunnels that connect
it to external VPN gateways. A VPN Gateway may also be referenced by one or more
forwarding rules that define which packets the gateway is responsible for
routing.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the Target VPN Gateway to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
A reference to a network in this project to contain the VPN Gateway.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the target VPN Gateway.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the Target VPN Gateway to create. If not specified, you will be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
