
.TH "GCLOUD_AUTH_APPLICATION\-DEFAULT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud auth application\-default \- manage your active Application Default Credentials



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud auth application\-default\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Application Default Credentials (ADC) provide a method to get credentials used
in calling Google APIs. The gcloud auth application\-default command group
allows you to manage active credentials on your machine that are used for local
application development.

These credentials are only used by Google client libraries in your own
application.

More information on ADC and how they work can be found here:
https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/application\-default\-credentials



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlogin\fR
Acquire new user credentials to use for Application Default Credentials.

.TP 2m
\fBprint\-access\-token\fR
Print an access token for the your current Application Default Credentials.

.TP 2m
\fBrevoke\fR
Revoke previously generated Application Default Credentials.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a service account and have your application use it for API access,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam service\-accounts create my\-account
$ gcloud iam service\-accounts keys create key.json
  \-\-iam\-account=my\-account@my\-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com
$ export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=key.json
$ ./my_application.sh
.RE

To temporarily use your own user credentials, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud auth application\-default login
.RE

This will take you through a web flow to acquire new user credentials.
