
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_MOVE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances move \- move an instance and its attached persistent disks between zones



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances move\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-destination\-zone\fR=\fIDESTINATION_ZONE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances move\fR facilitates moving a Google Compute Engine
virtual machine from one zone to another. Moving a virtual machine may incur
downtime if the guest OS must be shutdown in order to quiesce disk volumes prior
to snapshotting.

For example, running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances move example\-instance\-1 \e
   \-\-zone us\-central1\-b \-\-destination\-zone us\-central1\-f
.RE

will move the instance called example\-instance\-1 with its all attached
persistent disks, currently running in us\-central1\-b, to us\-central1\-f.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
The name of the instance to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-zone\fR=\fIDESTINATION_ZONE\fR
The zone to move the instance to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
