
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER_CLUSTERS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container clusters update \- update cluster settings for an existing container cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container clusters update\fR \fINAME\fR (\fB\-\-generate\-password\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-monitoring\-service\fR=\fIMONITORING_SERVICE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-password\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-update\-addons\fR=[\fIADDON\fR=\fIENABLED\fR|\fIDISABLED\fR,...]) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-node\-pool\fR=\fINODE_POOL\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update cluster settings for an existing container cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the cluster to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-generate\-password\fR
Ask the server to generate a secure password and use that as the admin password.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-monitoring\-service\fR=\fIMONITORING_SERVICE\fR
The monitoring service to use for the cluster. Options are:
"monitoring.googleapis.com" (the Google Cloud Monitoring service), "none" (no
metrics will be exported from the cluster)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-password\fR
Set the admin password to the user specified value.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-addons\fR=[\fIADDON\fR=\fIENABLED\fR|\fIDISABLED\fR,...]
Cluster addons to enable or disable. Options are
HorizontalPodAutoscaling=ENABLED|DISABLED HttpLoadBalancing=ENABLED|DISABLED


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Don't wait for the operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-pool\fR=\fINODE_POOL\fR
Node pool to be updated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
The compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
