
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TARGET\-INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute target\-instances create \- create a target instance for handling traffic from a forwarding rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute target\-instances create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-instance\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute target\-instances create\fR is used to create a target
instance for handling traffic from one or more forwarding rules. Target
instances are ideal for traffic that should be managed by a single source. For
more information on target instances, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/protocol\-forwarding/#targetinstances



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the target instance to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The name of the virtual machine instance that will handle the traffic.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description of the target instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_ZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, it will be set to the
same as zone. Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this
command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the target instance to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
