
.TH "GCLOUD_ML\-ENGINE_VERSIONS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud ml\-engine versions create \- create a new Cloud ML Engine version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud ml\-engine versions create\fR \fIVERSION\fR \fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR] [\fB\-\-origin\fR=\fIORIGIN\fR] [\fB\-\-runtime\-version\fR=\fIRUNTIME_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-staging\-bucket\fR=\fISTAGING_BUCKET\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a new Cloud ML Engine version.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
Name of the model version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR
Name of the model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR
Path to a YAML configuration file containing configuration parameters for the
Version (https://cloud.google.com/ml/reference/rest/v1/projects.models.versions)
to create.

The file is in YAML format. Note that not all attributes of a Version are
configurable; available attributes (with example values) are:

.RS 2m
description: A free\-form description of the version.
deploymentUri: gs://path/to/source
runtimeVersion: '1.0'
manualScaling:
  nodes: 10  # The number of nodes to allocate for this model.
.RE

The name of the version must always be specified via the required VERSION
argument.

If an option is specified both in the configuration file and via command line
arguments, the command line arguments override the configuration file.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-origin\fR=\fIORIGIN\fR
Location of \f5model/\fR "directory" (as output by
https://www.tensorflow.org/versions/r0.12/api_docs/python/state_ops.html#Saver).

This overrides \f5deploymentUri\fR in the \f5\-\-config\fR file. If this flag is
not passed, \f5deploymentUri\fR \fBmust\fR be specified in the file from
\f5\-\-config\fR.

Can be a Google Cloud Storage (\f5gs://\fR) path or local file path (no prefix).
In the latter case the files will be uploaded to Google Cloud Storage and a
\f5\-\-staging\-bucket\fR argument is required.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-runtime\-version\fR=\fIRUNTIME_VERSION\fR
The Google Cloud ML Engine runtime version for this job. Defaults to the latest
stable version. See
https://cloud.google.com/ml/docs/concepts/runtime\-version\-list for a list of
accepted versions.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-staging\-bucket\fR=\fISTAGING_BUCKET\fR
Bucket in which to stage training archives.

Required only if a file upload is necessary (that is, other flags include local
paths) and no other flags implicitly specify an upload path.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
