
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_PROJECT\-INFO_SET\-USAGE\-BUCKET" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute project\-info set\-usage\-bucket \- set the usage reporting bucket for a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute project\-info set\-usage\-bucket\fR [\fB\-\-prefix\fR=\fIPREFIX\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-bucket\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute project\-info set\-usage\-bucket\fR is used to configure usage
reporting for projects.

Setting usage reporting will cause a log of usage per resource to be written to
a specified Google Cloud Storage bucket daily. For example,

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute project\-info set\-usage\-bucket \e
    \-\-bucket gs://my\-bucket
.RE

will cause logs of the form usage_gce_YYYYMMDD.csv to be written daily to the
bucket \f5my\-bucket\fR. To disable this feature, issue the command:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute project\-info set\-usage\-bucket \-\-no\-bucket
.RE



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-prefix\fR=\fIPREFIX\fR
An optional prefix for the name of the usage report object stored in the bucket.
If not supplied, then this defaults to \f5\fIusage\fR\fR. The report is stored
as a CSV file named PREFIX_gce_YYYYMMDD.csv where YYYYMMDD is the day of the
usage according to Pacific Time. The prefix should conform to Google Cloud
Storage object naming conventions. This flag must not be provided when clearing
the usage bucket.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
The URI of a Google Cloud Storage bucket where the usage report object should be
stored. The Google Service Account for performing usage reporting is granted
write access to this bucket. The user running this command must be an owner of
the bucket.

To clear the usage bucket, use \-\-no\-bucket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-bucket\fR
Unsets the bucket. This disables usage report storage.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
