
.TH "GCLOUD_IAM_SERVICE\-ACCOUNTS_KEYS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud iam service\-accounts keys list \- list the keys for a service account



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud iam service\-accounts keys list\fR \fB\-\-iam\-account\fR=\fIIAM_ACCOUNT\fR [\fB\-\-created\-before\fR=\fICREATED_BEFORE\fR] [\fB\-\-managed\-by\fR=\fIMANAGED_BY\fR;\ default="any"] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

List the keys for a service account.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-iam\-account\fR=\fIIAM_ACCOUNT\fR
A textual name to display for the account.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-created\-before\fR=\fICREATED_BEFORE\fR
Return only keys created before the specified time. Common time formats are
accepted. This is equivalent to \-\-filter="validAfterTime<DATE_TIME".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-managed\-by\fR=\fIMANAGED_BY\fR; default="any"
The types of keys to list. \fIMANAGED_BY\fR must be one of: \fBuser\fR,
\fBsystem\fR, \fBany\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all user\-managed keys created before noon on July 19th, 2015 (to
perform key rotation, for example), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam service\-accounts keys list \e
    \-\-iam\-account my\-iam\-account@somedomain.com \-\-managed\-by user \e
    \-\-created\-before 2015\-07\-19T12:00:00Z
.RE
