
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_DISKS_RESIZE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute disks resize \- resize a disk or disks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute disks resize\fR \fIDISK_NAME\fR [\fIDISK_NAME\fR\ ...] \fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute disks resize\fR resizes a Google Compute Engine disk(s).

Only increasing disk size is supported. Disks can be resized regardless of
whether they are attached.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDISK_NAME\fR [\fIDISK_NAME\fR ...]
The names of the disks to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR
Indicates the new size of the disks. The value must be a whole number followed
by a size unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte,
\f5\fIGB\fR\fR for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example,
\f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will produce 10 gigabyte disks. Disk size must be a multiple of
10 GB.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the disks to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To resize a disk called example\-disk\-1 to new size 6TB, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks resize example\-disk\-1 \-\-size=6TB
.RE

To resize two disks called example\-disk\-2 and example\-disk\-3 to new size
6TB, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks resize example\-disk\-2 example\-disk\-3 \e
   \-\-size=6TB
.RE

This assumes that original size of each of these disks is 6TB or less.
