
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_DISKS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute disks create \- create Google Compute Engine persistent disks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute disks create\fR \fIDISK_NAME\fR [\fIDISK_NAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-image\-project\fR=\fIIMAGE_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-no\-require\-csek\-key\-create\fR] [\fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-image\-family\fR=\fIIMAGE_FAMILY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-source\-snapshot\fR=\fISOURCE_SNAPSHOT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute disks create\fR creates one or more Google Compute Engine
persistent disks. When creating virtual machine instances, disks can be attached
to the instances through the \f5gcloud compute instances create\fR command.
Disks can also be attached to instances that are already running using \f5gcloud
compute instances attach\-disk\fR.

Disks are zonal resources, so they reside in a particular zone for their entire
lifetime. The contents of a disk can be moved to a different zone by
snapshotting the disk (using \f5gcloud compute disks snapshot\fR) and creating a
new disk using \f5\-\-source\-snapshot\fR in the desired zone. The contents of a
disk can also be moved across project or zone by creating an image (using
\f5gcloud compute images create\fR) and creating a new disk using
\f5\-\-image\fR in the desired project and/or zone.

When creating disks, be sure to include the \f5\-\-zone\fR option:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks create my\-disk\-1 my\-disk\-2 \-\-zone us\-east1\-a
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDISK_NAME\fR [\fIDISK_NAME\fR ...]
The names of the disks to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Path to a Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key (CSEK) key file, mapping Google
Compute Engine resources to user managed keys to be used when creating,
mounting, or snapshotting disks. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-supplied\-encryption for
more details.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the disks being created.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-project\fR=\fIIMAGE_PROJECT\fR
The project against which all image and image family references will be
resolved. It is best practice to define image\-project.
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
If specifying one of our public images, image\-project must be provided.
.IP "\(em" 2m
If there are several of the same image\-family value in multiple projects,
image\-project must be specified to clarify the image to be used.
.IP "\(em" 2m
If not specified and either image or image\-family is provided, the current
default project is used.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-require\-csek\-key\-create\fR
Refuse to create resources not protected by a user managed key in the key file
when \-\-csek\-key\-file is given. This behavior is enabled by default to
prevent incorrect gcloud invocations from accidentally creating resources with
no user managed key. Disabling the check allows creation of some resources
without a matching Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key in the supplied
\-\-csek\-key\-file. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-supplied\-encryption for
more details. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-require\-csek\-key\-create\fR
to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR
Indicates the size of the disks. The value must be a whole number followed by a
size unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte,
\f5\fIGB\fR\fR for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example,
\f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will produce 10 gigabyte disks. Disk size must be a multiple of
10 GB.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
Specifies the type of disk to create. To get a list of available disk types, run
\f5gcloud compute disk\-types list\fR. The default disk type is pd\-standard.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the disks to create. If not specified, you may be prompted to select
a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\fR
An image to apply to the disks being created. When using this option, the size
of the disks must be at least as large as the image size. Use
\f5\fI\-\-size\fR\fR to adjust the size of the disks.

This flag is mutually exclusive with \f5\fI\-\-source\-snapshot\fR\fR and
\f5\fI\-\-image\-family\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-family\fR=\fIIMAGE_FAMILY\fR
The family of the image that the boot disk will be initialized with. When a
family is used instead of an image, the latest non\-deprecated image associated
with that family is used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-snapshot\fR=\fISOURCE_SNAPSHOT\fR
A source snapshot used to create the disks. It is safe to delete a snapshot
after a disk has been created from the snapshot. In such cases, the disks will
no longer reference the deleted snapshot. To get a list of snapshots in your
current project, run \f5gcloud compute snapshots list\fR. A snapshot from an
existing disk can be created using the \f5gcloud compute disks snapshot\fR
command. This flag is mutually exclusive with \fB\-\-image\fR.

When using this option, the size of the disks must be at least as large as the
snapshot size. Use \fB\-\-size\fR to adjust the size of the disks.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
