
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_SET\-SCHEDULING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances set\-scheduling \- set scheduling options for Google Compute Engine virtual machines



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances set\-scheduling\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-maintenance\-policy\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-restart\-on\-failure\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB$gcloud compute instances set\-scheduling\fR is used to configure scheduling
options for Google Compute Engine virtual machines.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
The name of the instance to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-policy\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR
Specifies the behavior of the instances when their host machines undergo
maintenance. The default is MIGRATE. \fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBMIGRATE\fR
The instances should be migrated to a new host. This will temporarily impact the
performance of instances during a migration event.
.TP 2m
\fBTERMINATE\fR
The instances should be terminated.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-restart\-on\-failure\fR
The instances will be restarted if they are terminated by Compute Engine. This
does not affect terminations performed by the user.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
