
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPONENTS_REPOSITORIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud components repositories \- manage additional component repositories for Trusted Tester programs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud components repositories\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

List, add, and remove component repositories for Trusted Tester programs. If you
are not participating in a Trusted Tester program, these commands are not
necessary for updating your Cloud SDK installation.

If you are participating in a Trusted Tester program, you will be instructed on
the location of repositories that you should add. These commands allow you to
manage the set of repositories you have registered.

Once you have a repository registered, the component manager will use that
location to locate new Cloud SDK components that are available, or possibly
different versions of existing components that can be installed.

If you want to revert to a standard version of the Cloud SDK at any time, you
may remove all repositories and then run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud components update
.RE

to revert to a standard installation.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\fR
Add a new Trusted Tester component repository.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List any Trusted Tester component repositories you have registered.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\fR
Remove a registered Trusted Test component repository.
.RE
.sp
