
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_REMOVE\-TAGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances remove\-tags \- remove tags from Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances remove\-tags\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-all\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]) [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances remove\-tags\fR is used to remove tags to Google
Compute Engine virtual machine instances. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances remove\-tags example\-instance \e
    \-\-tags tag\-1,tag\-2
.RE

will remove tags \f5\fItag\-1\fR\fR and \f5\fItag\-2\fR\fR from the existing
tags of 'example\-instance'.

Tags can be used to identify instances when adding network firewall rules. Tags
can also be used to get firewall rules that already exist to be applied to the
instance. See \fBgcloud compute firewall\-rules create\fR(1) for more details.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
The name of the instance to set tags on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
Remove all tags from the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
Specifies strings to be removed from the instance tags. Multiple tags can be
removed by repeating this flag.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to set tags on. If not specified, you may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then
be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
