
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TARGET\-POOLS_REMOVE\-INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute target\-pools remove\-instances \- remove instances from a target pool



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute target\-pools remove\-instances\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...] [\fB\-\-instances\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCES_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute target\-pools remove\-instances\fR is used to remove one or
more instances from a target pool. For more information on health checks and
load balancing, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load\-balancing\-and\-autoscaling/



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the target pool from which to remove the instances.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...]
Specifies a list of instances to remove from the target pool.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instances\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCES_ZONE\fR
The zone of the instances to remove from the target pool. If not specified, you
may be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the target pool to operate on. If not specified it will be set the
region of the instances. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property
value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instances to remove from the target pool. DEPRECATED, use
\-\-instances\-zone. If not specified, you will be prompted to select a zone.
Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
