
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_UNMANAGED_ADD\-INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged add\-instances \- adds instances to an unmanaged instance group by name



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged add\-instances\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged add\-instances\fR adds existing
instances to an unmanaged instance group by name. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged add\-instances \e
    example\-instance\-group \-\-instances example\-instance\-1 \e
    example\-instance\-2 \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...]
A list of names of instances to add to the instance group. These must exist
beforehand and must live in the same zone as the instance group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
