
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_ADD\-METADATA" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances add\-metadata \- add or update instance metadata



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances add\-metadata\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

gcloud compute instances add\-metadata can be used to add or update the metadata
of a virtual machine instance. Every instance has access to a metadata server
that can be used to query metadata that has been set through this tool. For
information on metadata, see https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/metadata

Only metadata keys that are provided are mutated. Existing metadata entries will
remain unaffected.

In order to retrieve custom metadata, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances describe example\-instance \-\-zone
us\-central1\-a \-\-format='value(metadata)'
.RE

where example\-instance is the name of the virtual machine instance you're
querying custom metadata from. For more information about querying custom
instance or project metadata through the Cloud Platform Console or the API, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/storing\-retrieving\-metadata#querying_custom_metadata



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
The name of the instance to set metadata on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Metadata to be made available to the guest operating system running on the
instances. Each metadata entry is a key/value pair separated by an equals sign.
Metadata keys must be unique and less than 128 bytes in length. Values must be
less than or equal to 32,768 bytes in length. Multiple arguments can be passed
to this flag, e.g., \f5\fI\-\-metadata
key\-1=value\-1,key\-2=value\-2,key\-3=value\-3\fR\fR.

In images that have Compute Engine tools installed on them, such as the official
images (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images), the following metadata
keys have special meanings:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBstartup\-script\fR
Specifies a script that will be executed by the instances once they start
running. For convenience, \f5\fI\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR\fR can be used to
pull the value from a file.

.TP 2m
\fBstartup\-script\-url\fR
Same as \f5\fIstartup\-script\fR\fR except that the script contents are pulled
from a publicly\-accessible location on the web.


.RE
.RE
.sp
At least one of [\-\-metadata] or [\-\-metadata\-from\-file] is required.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR,...]
Same as \f5\fI\-\-metadata\fR\fR except that the value for the entry will be
read from a local file. This is useful for values that are too large such as
\f5\fIstartup\-script\fR\fR contents.


.RE
.sp
At least one of [\-\-metadata] or [\-\-metadata\-from\-file] is required.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to set metadata on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by
searching for resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
