
.TH "GCLOUD_DNS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dns \- manage your Cloud DNS managed\-zones and record\-sets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dns\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

The gcloud dns command group lets you create and manage DNS zones and their
associated records on Google Cloud DNS.

Cloud DNS is a scalable, reliable and managed authoritative DNS service running
on the same infrastructure as Google. It has low latency, high availability and
is a cost\-effective way to make your applications and services available to
your users.

More information on Cloud DNS can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/dns
and detailed documentation can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/dns/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmanaged\-zones\fR
Manage your Cloud DNS managed\-zones.

.TP 2m
\fBproject\-info\fR
View Cloud DNS related information for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBrecord\-sets\fR
Manage the record\-sets within your managed\-zones.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see how to create and maintain managed\-zones, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns managed\-zones \-\-help
.RE

To see how to maintain the record\-sets within a managed\-zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets \-\-help
.RE

To display Cloud DNS related information for your project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns project\-info describe \-\-help
.RE
