
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_SSL\-CERTIFICATES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute ssl\-certificates create \- create a Google Compute Engine SSL certificate



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute ssl\-certificates create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-certificate\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR \fB\-\-private\-key\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute ssl\-certificates create\fR is used to create SSL certificates
which can be used to configure a target HTTPS proxy. An SSL certificate consists
of a certificate and private key. The private key is encrypted before it is
stored.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the SSL certificate to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificate\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR
The path to a local certificate file. The certificate must be in PEM format. The
certificate chain must be no greater than 5 certs long. The chain must include
at least one intermediate cert.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-key\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR
The path to a local private key file. The private key must be in PEM format and
must use RSA or ECDSA encryption.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the SSL certificate.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
