
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_HEALTH\-CHECKS_UPDATE_HTTPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute health\-checks update https \- update a HTTPS health check



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute health\-checks update https\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR] [\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR] [\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR] [\fB\-\-request\-path\fR=\fIREQUEST_PATH\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR] [\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute health\-checks update https\fR is used to update an existing
HTTPS health check. Only arguments passed in will be updated on the health
check. Other attributes will remain unaffected.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the HTTPS health check to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR
How often to perform a health check for an instance. For example, specifying
\f5\fI10s\fR\fR will run the check every 10 seconds. Valid units for this flag
are ``s'' for seconds and ``m'' for minutes.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A textual description for the HTTPS health check. Pass in an empty string to
unset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR
The number of consecutive successful health checks before an unhealthy instance
is marked as healthy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR
The value of the host header used in this HTTP health check request. By default,
this is empty and Google Compute Engine automatically sets the host header in
health requests to the same external IP address as the forwarding rule
associated with the target pool. Setting this to an empty string will clear any
existing host value.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR
The TCP port number that this health check monitors.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR
The port name that this health check monitors. By default, this is empty.
Setting this to an empty string will clear any existing port\-name value.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
The type of proxy protocol header to be sent to the backend. \fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBNONE\fR
No proxy header is added.
.TP 2m
\fBPROXY_V1\fR
Adds the header "PROXY UNKNOWN\er\en".

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-request\-path\fR=\fIREQUEST_PATH\fR
The request path that this health check monitors. For example,
\f5\fI/healthcheck\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR
If Google Compute Engine doesn't receive a healthy response from the instance by
the time specified by the value of this flag, the health check request is
considered a failure. For example, specifying \f5\fI10s\fR\fR will cause the
check to wait for 10 seconds before considering the request a failure. Valid
units for this flag are ``s'' for seconds and ``m'' for minutes.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR
The number of consecutive health check failures before a healthy instance is
marked as unhealthy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
