
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances delete \- delete Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances delete\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR [\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-delete\-disks\fR=\fIDISK_TYPE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-keep\-disks\fR=\fIDISK_TYPE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances delete\fR deletes one or more Google Compute Engine
virtual machine instances.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR [\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR ...]
The names of the instances to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instances to delete. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-delete\-disks\fR=\fIDISK_TYPE\fR
The types of disks to delete with instance deletion regardless of the disks'
auto\-delete configuration. When this flag is provided, the auto\-delete bits on
the attached disks are modified accordingly before the instance deletion
requests are issued. For more information on disk auto\-deletion, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/persistent\-disks#updateautodelete.
\fIDISK_TYPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBall\fR
All disk types.
.TP 2m
\fBboot\fR
The first partition is reserved for the root filesystem.
.TP 2m
\fBdata\fR
A non\-boot disk.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keep\-disks\fR=\fIDISK_TYPE\fR
The types of disks to not delete with instance deletion regardless of the disks'
auto\-delete configuration. When this flag is provided, the auto\-delete bits on
the attached disks are modified accordingly before the instance deletion
requests are issued. For more information on disk auto\-deletion, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/persistent\-disks#updateautodelete.
\fIDISK_TYPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBall\fR
All disk types.
.TP 2m
\fBboot\fR
The first partition is reserved for the root filesystem.
.TP 2m
\fBdata\fR
A non\-boot disk.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
