
.TH "GCLOUD_TOPIC_RESOURCE\-KEYS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud topic resource\-keys \- resource keys supplementary help



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

A \fBresource\fR is a JSON\-serializable object organized as a tree. Each node
is a scalar, indexed array, or dictionary. Structs and classes are represented
by dictionaries indexed by member name.

Each node is reachable by a unique path of names from the root. A node \fBkey\fR
is the path names separated by '.'. [\fInumber\fR] represents an array index.
For example:

.RS 2m
foo
foo.bar
abc.def[3].ghi
.RE

The resource keys and data values for any \fIgcloud\fR \fIlist\fR command can be
printed by running \fIgcloud\fR ... \fIlist\fR \fB\-\-format=flattened\fR. See
the command specific documentation for details on specific resource keys.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

This command lists the keys and values for the \fBregions\fR resource:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list \-\-format=flattened
.RE

and here is sample output for the command:

.RS 2m
\-\-\-
creationTimestamp: 2013\-05\-23T07:02:09.522\-07:00
description:       us\-central1
id:                22115839677829654
kind:              compute#region
name:              us\-central1
quotas[0].limit:   24.0
quotas[0].metric:  CPUS
quotas[0].usage:   15.0
quotas[1].limit:   5120.0
quotas[1].metric:  DISKS_TOTAL_GB
quotas[1].usage:   1416.0
quotas[2].limit:   7.0
quotas[2].metric:  STATIC_ADDRESSES
quotas[2].usage:   1.0
quotas[3].limit:   23.0
quotas[3].metric:  IN_USE_ADDRESSES
quotas[3].usage:   16.0
quotas[4].limit:   1024.0
quotas[4].metric:  SSD_TOTAL_GB
quotas[4].usage:   0.0
quotas[5].limit:   1500.0
quotas[5].metric:  LOCAL_SSD_TOTAL_GB
quotas[5].usage:   750.0
selfLink:          https://www.googleapis.com/.../us\-central1
status:            UP
zones[0]:          us\-central1\-a
zones[1]:          us\-central1\-b
zones[2]:          us\-central1\-f
.RE

The \fBlist\fR command produces a resource list. The keys are to the left of ':'
and the values are to the right.
