
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER_CLUSTERS_RESIZE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container clusters resize \- resizes an existing cluster for running containers



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container clusters resize\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-node\-pool\fR=\fINODE_POOL\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Resize an existing cluster to a provided size.

If you have multiple node pools, you must specify which node pool to resize by
using the \-\-node\-pool flag. You are not required to use the flag if you have
a single node pool.

When increasing the size of a container cluster, the new instances are created
with the same configuration as the existing instances. Existing pods are not
moved onto the new instances, but new pods (such as those created by resizing a
replication controller) will be scheduled onto the new instances.

When decreasing a cluster, the pods that are scheduled on the instances being
removed will be killed. If your pods are being managed by a replication
controller, the controller will attempt to reschedule them onto the remaining
instances. If your pods are not managed by a replication controller, they will
not be restarted. Note that when resizing down, instances running pods and
instances without pods are not differentiated. Resize will pick instances to
remove at random.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of this cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR
Target number of nodes in the cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Don't wait for the operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-pool\fR=\fINODE_POOL\fR
The node pool to resize.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
The compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
