
.TH "GCLOUD_ML\-ENGINE_JOBS_SUBMIT_TRAINING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud ml\-engine jobs submit training \- submits a Cloud Machine Learning training job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud ml\-engine jobs submit training\fR \fIJOB\fR \fB\-\-module\-name\fR=\fIMODULE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR] [\fB\-\-job\-dir\fR=\fIJOB_DIR\fR] [\fB\-\-package\-path\fR=\fIPACKAGE_PATH\fR] [\fB\-\-packages\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-runtime\-version\fR=\fIRUNTIME_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-scale\-tier\fR=\fISCALE_TIER\fR] [\fB\-\-staging\-bucket\fR=\fISTAGING_BUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-stream\-logs\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR] [\-\-\ \fIUSER_ARGS\fR\ ...]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Submits a Cloud Machine Learning training job.

This creates temporary files and executes Python code staged by a user on Google
Cloud Storage. Model code can either be specified with a path, e.g.:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine jobs submit training my_job \e
        \-\-module\-name trainer.task \e
        \-\-staging\-bucket gs://my\-bucket \e
        \-\-package\-path /my/code/path/trainer \e
        \-\-packages additional\-dep1.tar.gz,dep2.whl
.RE

Or by specifying an already built package:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine jobs submit training my_job \e
        \-\-module\-name trainer.task \e
        \-\-staging\-bucket gs://my\-bucket \e
        \-\-packages trainer\-0.0.1.tar.gz,additional\-dep1.tar.gz,dep2.whl
.RE

If \-\-package\-path /my/code/path/trainer is specified and there is a setup.py
file at /my/code/path/setup.py then that file will be invoked with \f5sdist\fR
and the generated tar files will be uploaded to Cloud Storage. Otherwise a
temporary setup.py file will be generated for the build.

By default, this command runs asynchronously; it exits once the job is
successfully submitted.

To follow the progress of your job, pass the \f5\-\-stream\-logs\fR flag (note
that even with the \f5\-\-stream\-logs\fR flag, the job will continue to run
after this command exits and must be cancelled with \f5gcloud ml\-engine jobs
cancel JOB_ID\fR).

For more information, see:
https://cloud.google.com/ml/docs/concepts/training\-overview



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
Name of the job.

.TP 2m
[\-\- \fIUSER_ARGS\fR ...]
Additional user arguments to be forwarded to user code

The '\-\-' argument must be specified between gcloud specific args on the left
and USER_ARGS on the right.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-module\-name\fR=\fIMODULE_NAME\fR
Name of the module to run


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR
Path to the job configuration file. The file should be a YAML document (JSON
also accepted) containing a Job resource as defined in the API (all fields are
optional): https://cloud.google.com/ml/reference/rest/v1/projects.jobs

If an option is specified both in the configuration file \fBand\fR via command
line arguments, the command line arguments override the configuration file.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-job\-dir\fR=\fIJOB_DIR\fR
A Google Cloud Storage path in which to store training outputs and other data
needed for training.

This path will be passed to your TensorFlow program as \f5\-\-job_dir\fR
command\-line arg. The benefit of specifying this field is that Cloud ML Engine
will validate the path for use in training.

If packages must be uploaded and \f5\-\-staging\-bucket\fR is not provided, this
path will be used instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-package\-path\fR=\fIPACKAGE_PATH\fR
Path to a Python package to build. This should point to a directory containing
the Python source for the job. It will be built using setuptools (which must be
installed) using its \fBparent\fR directory as context. If the parent directory
contains a \f5setup.py\fR file, the build will use that; otherwise, it will use
a simple built\-in one.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-packages\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR,...]
Path to Python archives used for training. These can be local paths (absolute or
relative), in which case they will be uploaded to the Cloud Storage bucket given
by \f5\-\-staging\-bucket\fR, or Cloud Storage URLs
(\f5gs://bucket\-name/path/to/package.tar.gz\fR).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the machine learning training job to submit. If not specified, you
will be prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-runtime\-version\fR=\fIRUNTIME_VERSION\fR
The Google Cloud ML Engine runtime version for this job. Defaults to the latest
stable version. See
https://cloud.google.com/ml/docs/concepts/runtime\-version\-list for a list of
accepted versions.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scale\-tier\fR=\fISCALE_TIER\fR
Specifies the machine types, the number of replicas for workers and parameter
servers. \fISCALE_TIER\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBBASIC\fR
A single worker instance. This tier is suitable for learning how to use Cloud ML
Engine, and for experimenting with new models using small datasets.
.TP 2m
\fBBASIC_GPU\fR
A single worker instance with a GPU.
.TP 2m
\fBCUSTOM\fR
The CUSTOM tier is not a set tier, but rather enables you to use your own
cluster specification. When you use this tier, set values to configure your
processing cluster according to these guidelines (using the \-\-config flag):

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
You \fImust\fR set \f5TrainingInput.masterType\fR to specify the type of machine
to use for your master node. This is the only required setting.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
You \fImay\fR set \f5TrainingInput.workerCount\fR to specify the number of
workers to use. If you specify one or more workers, you \fImust\fR also set
\f5TrainingInput.workerType\fR to specify the type of machine to use for your
worker nodes.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
You \fImay\fR set \f5TrainingInput.parameterServerCount\fR to specify the number
of parameter servers to use. If you specify one or more parameter servers, you
\fImust\fR also set \f5TrainingInput.parameterServerType\fR to specify the type
of machine to use for your parameter servers. Note that all of your workers must
use the same machine type, which can be different from your parameter server
type and master type. Your parameter servers must likewise use the same machine
type, which can be different from your worker type and master type.
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBPREMIUM_1\fR
A large number of workers with many parameter servers.
.TP 2m
\fBSTANDARD_1\fR
Many workers and a few parameter servers.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-staging\-bucket\fR=\fISTAGING_BUCKET\fR
Bucket in which to stage training archives.

Required only if a file upload is necessary (that is, other flags include local
paths) and no other flags implicitly specify an upload path.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
(DEPRECATED) Display information about the operation in progress without waiting
for the operation to complete. Enabled by default and can be omitted; use
\f5\-\-stream\-logs\fR to run synchronously.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stream\-logs\fR
Block until job completion and stream the logs while the job runs.

Note that even if command execution is halted, the job will still run until
cancelled with

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine jobs cancel JOB_ID
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
