
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_ROUTES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute routes create \- create a new route



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute routes create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-destination\-range\fR=\fIDESTINATION_RANGE\fR (\fB\-\-next\-hop\-address\fR=\fINEXT_HOP_ADDRESS\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-next\-hop\-gateway\fR=\fINEXT_HOP_GATEWAY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-next\-hop\-instance\fR=\fINEXT_HOP_INSTANCE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-next\-hop\-vpn\-tunnel\fR=\fINEXT_HOP_VPN_TUNNEL\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR;\ default="default"] [\fB\-\-next\-hop\-instance\-zone\fR=\fINEXT_HOP_INSTANCE_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-next\-hop\-vpn\-tunnel\-region\fR=\fINEXT_HOP_VPN_TUNNEL_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-priority\fR=\fIPRIORITY\fR;\ default="1000"] [\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute routes create\fR is used to create routes. A route is a rule
that specifies how certain packets should be handled by the virtual network.
Routes are associated with virtual machine instances by tag, and the set of
routes for a particular VM is called its routing table. For each packet leaving
a virtual machine, the system searches that machine's routing table for a single
best matching route.

Routes match packets by destination IP address, preferring smaller or more
specific ranges over larger ones (see \f5\fI\-\-destination\-range\fR\fR). If
there is a tie, the system selects the route with the smallest priority value.
If there is still a tie, it uses the layer three and four packet headers to
select just one of the remaining matching routes. The packet is then forwarded
as specified by \f5\fI\-\-next\-hop\-address\fR\fR,
\f5\fI\-\-next\-hop\-instance\fR\fR, \f5\fI\-\-next\-hop\-vpn\-tunnel\fR\fR, or
\f5\fI\-\-next\-hop\-gateway\fR\fR of the winning route. Packets that do not
match any route in the sending virtual machine routing table will be dropped.

Exactly one of \f5\fI\-\-next\-hop\-address\fR\fR,
\f5\fI\-\-next\-hop\-gateway\fR\fR, \f5\fI\-\-next\-hop\-vpn\-tunnel\fR\fR, or
\f5\fI\-\-next\-hop\-instance\fR\fR must be provided with this command.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the route to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-range\fR=\fIDESTINATION_RANGE\fR
The destination range of outgoing packets that the route will apply to. To match
all traffic, use ``0.0.0.0/0''.

.RE
.sp
Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-next\-hop\-address\fR=\fINEXT_HOP_ADDRESS\fR
Specifies the IP address of an instance that should handle matching packets. The
instance must have IP forwarding enabled (i.e., include
\f5\fI\-\-can\-ip\-forward\fR\fR when creating the instance using \f5gcloud
compute instances create\fR)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-next\-hop\-gateway\fR=\fINEXT_HOP_GATEWAY\fR
Specifies the gateway that should handle matching packets. Currently, the only
acceptable value is \f5default\-internet\-gateway\fR which is a gateway operated
by Google Compute Engine.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-next\-hop\-instance\fR=\fINEXT_HOP_INSTANCE\fR
Specifies the name of an instance that should handle traffic matching this
route. When this flag is specified, the zone of the instance must be specified
using \f5\fI\-\-next\-hop\-instance\-zone\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-next\-hop\-vpn\-tunnel\fR=\fINEXT_HOP_VPN_TUNNEL\fR
The target VPN tunnel that will receive forwarded traffic.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the route.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR; default="default"
Specifies the network to which the route will be applied.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-next\-hop\-instance\-zone\fR=\fINEXT_HOP_INSTANCE_ZONE\fR
The zone of the next hop instance. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-next\-hop\-vpn\-tunnel\-region\fR=\fINEXT_HOP_VPN_TUNNEL_REGION\fR
The region of the next hop vpn tunnel. If not specified, you will be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-priority\fR=\fIPRIORITY\fR; default="1000"
Specifies the priority of this route relative to other routes with the same
specificity. The lower the value, the higher the priority.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
Identifies the set of instances that this route will apply to. If no tags are
provided, the route will apply to all instances in the network.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
