
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_ROUTERS_UPDATE\-BGP\-PEER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute routers update\-bgp\-peer \- update a BGP peer on a Google Compute Engine router



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute routers update\-bgp\-peer\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-peer\-name\fR=\fIPEER_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-advertised\-route\-priority\fR=\fIADVERTISED_ROUTE_PRIORITY\fR] [\fB\-\-interface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR] [\fB\-\-ip\-address\fR=\fIIP_ADDRESS\fR] [\fB\-\-peer\-asn\fR=\fIPEER_ASN\fR] [\fB\-\-peer\-ip\-address\fR=\fIPEER_IP_ADDRESS\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute routers update\-bgp\-peer\fR is used to update a BGP peer on a
Google Compute Engine router.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the router to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-name\fR=\fIPEER_NAME\fR
The name of the peer being modified.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-advertised\-route\-priority\fR=\fIADVERTISED_ROUTE_PRIORITY\fR
The priority of routes advertised to this BGP peer. In the case where there is
more than one matching route of maximum length, the routes with lowest priority
value win. 0 <= priority <= 65535.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-interface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR
The name of the new Cloud Router interface for this BGP peer.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ip\-address\fR=\fIIP_ADDRESS\fR
The new link local address of the Cloud Router interface for this BGP peer. Must
be a link\-local IP address belonging to the range 169.254.0.0/16 and must
belong to same subnet as the interface address of the peer router.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-asn\fR=\fIPEER_ASN\fR
The new BGP autonomous system number (ASN) for this BGP peer. For more
information see: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6996.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-ip\-address\fR=\fIPEER_IP_ADDRESS\fR
The new link local address of the peer router. Must be a link\-local IP address
belonging to the range 169.254.0.0/16.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the router to operate on. If not specified, you will be prompted
to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
