
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_REMOVE\-METADATA" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances remove\-metadata \- remove instance metadata



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances remove\-metadata\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-all\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-keys\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

gcloud compute instances remove\-metadata can be used to remove instance
metadata entries.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
The name of the instance to set metadata on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to set metadata on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by
searching for resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
If provided, all metadata entries are removed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keys\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]
The keys of the entries to remove.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
