
.TH "GCLOUD_APP_INSTANCES_SSH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud app instances ssh \- SSH into the VM of an App Engine Flexible instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud app instances ssh\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR \fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR \fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-container\fR=\fICONTAINER\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR] [\-\-\ \fICOMMAND\fR\ ...]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud app instances ssh\fR lets you remotely log in to your running App
Engine Flexible instances.

\fBgcloud app instances ssh\fR resolves the instance's IP address and
pre\-populates the VM with a public key managed by gcloud. If the gcloud managed
key pair does not exist, it is generated the first time an SSH command is run,
which may prompt you for a passphrase for the private key encryption.

All SSH commands require the OpenSSH client suite to be installed on Linux and
Mac OS X. On Windows, the Cloud SDK comes with a bundled PuTTY suite instead, so
it has no external dependencies.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
The instance ID.

.TP 2m
[\-\- \fICOMMAND\fR ...]
Remote command to execute on the VM.

The '\-\-' argument must be specified between gcloud specific args on the left
and COMMAND on the right.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
The service ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
The version ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\fR=\fICONTAINER\fR
Name of the container within the VM to connect to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To SSH into an App Engine Flexible instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app instances ssh \-\-service s1 \-\-version v1 i1
.RE

To SSH into the app container within an instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app instances ssh \-\-service s1 \-\-version v1 i1 \e
  \-\-container=gaeapp
.RE

To SSH into the app container and run a remote command, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app instances ssh \-\-service s1 \-\-version v1 i1 \e
  \-\-container=gaeapp \-\- echo hello
.RE
