
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_CLUSTERS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc clusters update \- update labels and/or the number of worker nodes in a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc clusters update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-preemptible\-workers\fR=\fINUM_PREEMPTIBLE_WORKERS\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-workers\fR=\fINUM_WORKERS\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update the number of worker nodes and/or the labels in a cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the cluster to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-preemptible\-workers\fR=\fINUM_PREEMPTIBLE_WORKERS\fR
The new number of preemptible worker nodes in the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-workers\fR=\fINUM_WORKERS\fR
The new number of worker nodes in the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Specifies the Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently
ignored.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To resize a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters update my_cluster \-\-num\-workers 5
.RE

To change the number preemptible workers in a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters update my_cluster \e
    \-\-num\-preemptible\-workers 5
.RE

To add the label 'customer=acme' to a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters update my_cluster \e
    \-\-update\-labels=customer=acme
.RE

To update the label 'customer=ackme' to 'customer=acme', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters update my_cluster \e
    \-\-update\-labels=customer=acme
.RE

To remove the label whose key is 'customer', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters update my_cluster \-\-remove\-labels=customer
.RE
