
.TH "GCLOUD_SQL_INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud sql instances \- provide commands for managing Cloud SQL instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud sql instances\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Provide commands for managing Cloud SQL instances including creating,
configuring, restarting, and deleting instances.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBclone\fR
Clones a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Creates a new Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Deletes a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Displays configuration and metadata about a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
Exports data from a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBfailover\fR
Causes a high\-availability Cloud SQL instance to failover.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
Imports data into a Cloud SQL instance from Google Cloud Storage.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
Lists Cloud SQL instances in a given project.

.TP 2m
\fBpatch\fR
Updates the settings of a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBpromote\-replica\fR
Promotes Cloud SQL read replica to a stand\-alone instance.

.TP 2m
\fBreset\-ssl\-config\fR
Deletes all client certificates and generates a new server certificate.

.TP 2m
\fBrestart\fR
Restarts a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBrestore\-backup\fR
Restores a backup of a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-root\-password\fR
\fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Sets the password of the MySQL root user.
.RE
.sp
