
.TH "GCLOUD_SQL_USERS_SET\-PASSWORD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud sql users set\-password \- changes a user's password in a given instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud sql users set\-password\fR \fIUSERNAME\fR \fIHOST\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-prompt\-for\-password\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Changes a user's password in a given instance with specified username and host.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIUSERNAME\fR
Cloud SQL username.

.TP 2m
\fIHOST\fR
Cloud SQL user's host.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR
Cloud SQL user's password.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-prompt\-for\-password\fR
Prompt for the Cloud SQL user's password with character echo disabled. The
password is all typed characters up to but not including the RETURN or ENTER
key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
