
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute url\-maps create \- create a URL map



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute url\-maps create\fR \fIURL_MAP_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-default\-backend\-bucket\fR=\fIDEFAULT_BACKEND_BUCKET\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-default\-service\fR=\fIDEFAULT_SERVICE\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute url\-maps create\fR is used to create URL maps which map HTTP
and HTTPS request URLs to backend services and backend buckets. Mappings are
done using a longest\-match strategy.

There are two components to a mapping: a host rule and a path matcher. A host
rule maps one or more hosts to a path matcher. A path matcher maps request paths
to backend services or backend buckets. For example, a host rule can map the
hosts \f5\fI\fB.google.com\fR\fR and \f5\fIgoogle.com\fR\fR to a path matcher
called \f5\fIwww\fR\fR. The \f5\fIwww\fR\fR path matcher in turn can map the
path \f5\fI/search/\fR\fR\fR to the search backend service, the path
\f5\fI/static/\fB\fR\fR to the static backend bucket and everything else to a
default backend service or default backend bucket.

Host rules and patch matchers can be added to the URL map after the map is
created by using \f5gcloud compute url\-maps edit\fR or by using \f5gcloud
compute url\-maps add\-path\-matcher\fR and \f5gcloud compute url\-maps
add\-host\-rule\fR.


\fR

.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIURL_MAP_NAME\fR
The name of the URL map to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-default\-backend\-bucket\fR=\fIDEFAULT_BACKEND_BUCKET\fR
A backend bucket that will be used for requests for which this URL map has no
mappings. Exactly one of \-\-default\-service or \-\-default\-backend\-bucket is
required.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-default\-service\fR=\fIDEFAULT_SERVICE\fR
A backend service that will be used for requests for which this URL map has no
mappings. Exactly one of \-\-default\-service or \-\-default\-backend\-bucket is
required.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the URL map.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
