
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_UNMANAGED_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged list \- list Google Compute Engine unmanaged instance groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged list\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR,\ \fB\-r\fR\ \fIREGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-zones\fR=\fIZONE\fR,[\fIZONE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged list\fR displays all Google Compute
Engine unmanaged instance groups in a project.

By default, unmanaged instance groups from all zones are listed. The results can
be narrowed down by providing the \f5\fI\-\-zones\fR\fR flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fINAME\fR ...]
If provided, show details for the specified names and/or URIs of resources.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR, \fB\-r\fR \fIREGEXP\fR
A regular expression to filter the names of the results on. Any names that do
not match the entire regular expression will be filtered out.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zones\fR=\fIZONE\fR,[\fIZONE\fR,...]
If provided, only resources from the given zones are queried.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all unmanaged instance groups in a project in table form, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged list
.RE

To list the URIs of all unmanaged instance groups in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged list \-\-uri
.RE

To list all unmanaged instance groups in the \f5\fIus\-central1\-b\fR\fR and
\f5\fIeurope\-west1\-d\fR\fR zones, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged list \e
    \-\-zones us\-central1\-b europe\-west1\-d
.RE
