
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_SSH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute ssh \- SSH into a virtual machine instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute ssh\fR [\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-command\fR=\fICOMMAND\fR] [\fB\-\-container\fR=\fICONTAINER\fR] [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-\-force\-key\-file\-overwrite\fR] [\fB\-\-plain\fR] [\fB\-\-ssh\-flag\fR=\fISSH_FLAG\fR] [\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR=\fISSH_KEY_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-strict\-host\-key\-checking\fR=\fISTRICT_HOST_KEY_CHECKING\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR] [\-\-\ \fISSH_ARGS\fR\ ...]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute ssh\fR is a thin wrapper around the \fBssh(1)\fR command that
takes care of authentication and the translation of the instance name into an IP
address.

This command ensures that the user's public SSH key is present in the project's
metadata. If the user does not have a public SSH key, one is generated using
\fBssh\-keygen(1)\fR (if the \f5\-\-quiet\fR flag is given, the generated key
will have an empty passphrase).



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR
Specifies the instance to SSH into.

\f5\fIUSER\fR\fR specifies the username with which to SSH. If omitted, $USER
from the environment is selected.

\f5\fIINSTANCE\fR\fR specifies the name of the virtual machine instance to SSH
into.

.TP 2m
[\-\- \fISSH_ARGS\fR ...]
Flags and positionals passed to the underlying ssh implementation.


.RE
.sp
The '\-\-' argument must be specified between gcloud specific args on the left
and SSH_ARGS on the right. Example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute ssh example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \-\- \-vvv \e
\-L 80:%INSTANCE%:80
.RE



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-command\fR=\fICOMMAND\fR
A command to run on the virtual machine.

Runs the command on the target instance and then exits.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\fR=\fICONTAINER\fR
The name or ID of a container inside of the virtual machine instance to connect
to. This only applies to virtual machines that are using a Google
Container\-Optimized virtual machine image. For more information, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/containers

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
If provided, prints the command that would be run to standard out instead of
executing it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\-key\-file\-overwrite\fR
If enabled gcloud will regenerate and overwrite the files associated with a
broken SSH key without asking for confirmation in both interactive and
non\-interactive environment.

If disabled gcloud will not attempt to regenerate the files associated with a
broken SSH key and fail in both interactive and non\-interactive environment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-plain\fR
Suppresses the automatic addition of \fBssh(1)\fR/\fBscp(1)\fR flags. This flag
is useful if you want to take care of authentication yourself or use specific
ssh/scp features.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssh\-flag\fR=\fISSH_FLAG\fR
Additional flags to be passed to \fBssh(1)\fR. It is recommended that flags be
passed using an assignment operator and quotes. This flag will replace
occurences of \f5\fI%USER%\fR\fR and \f5\fI%INSTANCE%\fR\fR with their
dereferenced values. Example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute ssh example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-ssh\-flag="\-vvv" \-\-ssh\-flag="\-L 80:%INSTANCE%:80"
.RE

is equivalent to passing the flags \f5\fI\-\-vvv\fR\fR and \f5\fI\-L
80:162.222.181.197:80\fR\fR to \fBssh(1)\fR if the external IP address of
\'example\-instance' is 162.222.181.197.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR=\fISSH_KEY_FILE\fR
The path to the SSH key file. By default, this is
\f5\fI~/.ssh/google_compute_engine\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-strict\-host\-key\-checking\fR=\fISTRICT_HOST_KEY_CHECKING\fR
Override the default behavior of StrictHostKeyChecking. By default,
StrictHostKeyChecking is set to 'no' the first time you connect to an instance
and will be set to 'yes' for all subsequent connections. Use this flag to
specify a value for the connection. \fISTRICT_HOST_KEY_CHECKING\fR must be one
of: \fByes\fR, \fBno\fR, \fBask\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to connect to. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To SSH into 'example\-instance' in zone \f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute ssh example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

You can also run a command on the virtual machine. For example, to get a
snapshot of the guest's process tree, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute ssh example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-command "ps \-ejH"
.RE

If you are using the Google container virtual machine image, you can SSH into
one of your containers with:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute ssh example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-container CONTAINER
.RE
