
.TH "GCLOUD_SERVICE\-MANAGEMENT_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud service\-management remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding for a service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud service\-management remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fISERVICE\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Removes an IAM policy binding from a service's access policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE\fR
The name of the service from which the member is to be removed.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add to the binding. Should be of the form \f5user:user_email\fR
(e.g. \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com.\fR)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will remove a IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com'
on service with identifier 'my\-service'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud service\-management remove\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-service \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.
