
.TH "GCLOUD_DOCKER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud docker \- provides the docker CLI access to the Google Container Registry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud docker\fR [\fB\-\-authorize\-only\fR,\ \fB\-a\fR] [\fB\-\-docker\-host\fR=\fIDOCKER_HOST\fR] [\fB\-\-server\fR=\fISERVER\fR,[\fISERVER\fR,...],\ \fB\-s\fR\ \fISERVER\fR,[\fISERVER\fR,...];\ default="gcr.io,us.gcr.io,eu.gcr.io,asia.gcr.io,l.gcr.io,launcher.gcr.io,appengine.gcr.io,us\-mirror.gcr.io,eu\-mirror.gcr.io,asia\-mirror.gcr.io,mirror.gcr.io"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR] [\-\-\ \fIDOCKER_ARGS\fR\ ...]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

The gcloud docker command group wraps docker commands, so that gcloud can inject
the appropriate fresh authentication token into requests that interact with the
docker registry.

All docker\-specific flags are passed through to the underlying docker command.
A full reference of docker's command line options available after \-\- can be
found here: https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/cli/.

You may also run \f5gcloud docker \-\- \-\-help\fR to view the docker CLI's help
directly.

More information on Google Container Registry can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/container\-registry/ and detailed documentation can be
found here: https://cloud.google.com/container\-registry/docs/



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\-\- \fIDOCKER_ARGS\fR ...]
Arguments to pass to docker.

The '\-\-' argument must be specified between gcloud specific args on the left
and DOCKER_ARGS on the right.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-authorize\-only\fR, \fB\-a\fR
Configure docker authorization only, do not launch the docker command\-line.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-docker\-host\fR=\fIDOCKER_HOST\fR
The URL to connect to Docker Daemon. Format: tcp://host:port or
unix:///path/to/socket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-server\fR=\fISERVER\fR,[\fISERVER\fR,...], \fB\-s\fR \fISERVER\fR,[\fISERVER\fR,...]; default="gcr.io,us.gcr.io,eu.gcr.io,asia.gcr.io,l.gcr.io,launcher.gcr.io,appengine.gcr.io,us\-mirror.gcr.io,eu\-mirror.gcr.io,asia\-mirror.gcr.io,mirror.gcr.io"
The address of the Google Cloud Registry.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Pull the image 'gcr.io/google\-containers/pause:1.0' from the docker registry:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud docker \-\- pull gcr.io/google\-containers/pause:1.0
.RE

Push the image 'gcr.io/example\-org/example\-image:latest' to our private docker
registry.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud docker \-\- push gcr.io/example\-org/example\-image:latest
.RE

Configure authentication, then simply use docker:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud docker \-\-authorize\-only
.RE

.RS 2m
$ docker push gcr.io/example\-org/example\-image:latest
.RE
