
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_ATTACH\-DISK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances attach\-disk \- attach a disk to an instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances attach\-disk\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-disk\fR=\fIDISK\fR [\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-\-device\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR;\ default="rw"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances attach\-disk\fR is used to attach a disk to an
instance. For example,

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances attach\-disk example\-instance \e
    \-\-disk DISK \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

attaches the disk named 'DISK' to the instance named 'example\-instance' in zone
\f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
The name of the instance to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\fR=\fIDISK\fR
The name of the disk to attach to the instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Path to a Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key (CSEK) key file, mapping Google
Compute Engine resources to user managed keys to be used when creating,
mounting, or snapshotting disks. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-supplied\-encryption for
more details.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR
An optional name that indicates the disk name the guest operating system will
see. (Note: Device name does not correspond to mounted volume name)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR; default="rw"
Specifies the mode of the disk. \fIMODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBro\fR
Read\-only.
.TP 2m
\fBrw\fR
Read\-write. It is an error to attach a disk in read\-write mode to more than
one instance.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
