
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_ENCRYPT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms encrypt \- encrypt a plaintext file using a key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms encrypt\fR \fB\-\-ciphertext\-file\fR=\fICIPHERTEXT_FILE\fR \fB\-\-plaintext\-file\fR=\fIPLAINTEXT_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-additional\-authenticated\-data\-file\fR=\fIADDITIONAL_AUTHENTICATED_DATA_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Encrypts the given plaintext file using the given CryptoKey and writes the
result to the named ciphertext file. The plaintext file must not be larger than
64KiB.

If an additional authenticated data file is provided, its contents must also be
provided during decryption. The file must not be larger than 64KiB.

The flag \f5\-\-version\fR indicates the version of the key to use for
encryption. By default, the primary version is used.

If \f5\-\-plaintext\-file\fR or \f5\-\-additional\-authenticated\-data\-file\fR
is set to '\-', that file is read from stdin. Similarly, if
\f5\-\-ciphertext\-file\fR is set to '\-', the ciphertext is written to stdout.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ciphertext\-file\fR=\fICIPHERTEXT_FILE\fR
Path to the ciphertext file to output.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-plaintext\-file\fR=\fIPLAINTEXT_FILE\fR
Path to the plaintext file to encrypt.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-additional\-authenticated\-data\-file\fR=\fIADDITIONAL_AUTHENTICATED_DATA_FILE\fR
Path to the optional file containing the additional authenticated data.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The key to use for encryption.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
The containing keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the requested resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
The version to use for encryption.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read the file 'path/to/plaintext', encrypt it using
the CryptoKey \f5frodo\fR with the KeyRing \f5fellowship\fR and Location
\f5global\fR, and write the ciphertext to 'path/to/ciphertext'.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms encrypt frodo \e
    \-\-keyring fellowship \e
    \-\-location global \e
    \-\-plaintext\-file path/to/input/plaintext \e
    \-\-ciphertext\-file path/to/output/ciphertext
.RE
