
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_UNMANAGED_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged delete \- delete Google Compute Engine unmanaged instance groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged delete\fR \fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged delete\fR deletes one or more
Google Compute Engine unmanaged instance groups. This command just deletes the
instance group and does not delete the individual virtual machine instances in
the instance group. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged delete \e
    example\-instance\-group\-1 example\-instance\-group\-2 \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

The above example deletes two instance groups, example\-instance\-group\-1 and
example\-instance\-group\-2, in the \f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR zone.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR ...]
The names of the instance groups to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance groups to delete. If not specified, you may be prompted
to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
