
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-BUCKETS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute backend\-buckets create \- create a backend bucket



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute backend\-buckets create\fR \fIBACKEND_BUCKET_NAME\fR \fB\-\-gcs\-bucket\-name\fR=\fIGCS_BUCKET_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-cdn\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute backend\-buckets create\fR is used to create backend buckets.
Backend buckets define a Google Cloud Storage bucket that can serve content. URL
maps define which requests are sent to which backend buckets.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKEND_BUCKET_NAME\fR
The name of the backend bucket to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-bucket\-name\fR=\fIGCS_BUCKET_NAME\fR
The name of the Google Cloud Storage bucket to serve from. The storage bucket
must be owned by the project's owner.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the backend bucket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-cdn\fR
Enable Cloud CDN for the backend bucket. Cloud CDN can cache HTTP responses from
a backend bucket at the edge of the network, close to users.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
