
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_DECRYPT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms decrypt \- decrypt a ciphertext file using a key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms decrypt\fR \fB\-\-ciphertext\-file\fR=\fICIPHERTEXT_FILE\fR \fB\-\-plaintext\-file\fR=\fIPLAINTEXT_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-additional\-authenticated\-data\-file\fR=\fIADDITIONAL_AUTHENTICATED_DATA_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Decrypts the given ciphertext file using the given CryptoKey and writes the
result to the named plaintext file.

If an additional authenticated data file is provided, its contents must match
the additional authenticated data provided during encryption. The file must not
be larger than 64KiB.

If \f5\-\-ciphertext\-file\fR or \f5\-\-additional\-authenticated\-data\-file\fR
is set to '\-', that file is read from stdin. Similarly, if
\f5\-\-plaintext\-file\fR is set to '\-', the decrypted plaintext is written to
stdout.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ciphertext\-file\fR=\fICIPHERTEXT_FILE\fR
Path to the ciphertext file to decrypt.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-plaintext\-file\fR=\fIPLAINTEXT_FILE\fR
Path to the plaintext file to output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-additional\-authenticated\-data\-file\fR=\fIADDITIONAL_AUTHENTICATED_DATA_FILE\fR
Path to the optional file containing the additional authenticated data.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The key to use for decryption.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
The containing keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the requested resource.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read the file 'path/to/ciphertext', decrypt it using
the CryptoKey \f5frodo\fR with the KeyRing \f5fellowship\fR and Location
\f5global\fR, and write the plaintext to 'path/to/plaintext'.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms decrypt frodo \e
    \-\-keyring fellowship \e
    \-\-location global \e
    \-\-ciphertext\-file path/to/input/ciphertext \e
    \-\-plaintext\-file path/to/output/plaintext
.RE
