
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER_NODE\-POOLS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container node\-pools create \- create a node pool in a running cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container node\-pools create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR] [\fB\-\-disk\-size\fR=\fIDISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-endpoints\fR] [\fB\-\-image\-type\fR=\fIIMAGE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR,\ \fB\-m\fR\ \fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-node\-labels\fR=[\fINODE_LABEL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-num\-nodes\fR=\fINUM_NODES\fR;\ default="3"] [\fB\-\-scopes\fR=\fISCOPE\fR,[\fISCOPE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud container node\-pools create\fR facilitates the creation of a node
pool in a Google Container Engine cluster. A variety of options exists to
customize the node configuration and the number of nodes created.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the node pool to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The cluster to add the node pool to. Overrides the default
\fBcontainer/cluster\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\-size\fR=\fIDISK_SIZE\fR
Size in GB for node VM boot disks. Defaults to 100GB.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-cloud\-endpoints\fR
Automatically enable Google Cloud Endpoints to take advantage of API management
features. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-endpoints\fR to
disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-type\fR=\fIIMAGE_TYPE\fR
The image type to use for the node pool. Defaults to server\-specified.

Image Type specifies the base OS that the nodes in the node pool will run on. If
an image type is specified, that will be assigned to the node pool and all
future upgrades will use the specified image type. If it is not specified the
server will pick the default image type.

The default image type and the list of valid image types are available using the
following command.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container get\-server\-config
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR, \fB\-m\fR \fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
The type of machine to use for nodes. Defaults to n1\-standard\-1

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-labels\fR=[\fINODE_LABEL\fR,...]
Applies the given kubernetes labels on all nodes in the new node\-pool. Example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container node\-pools create node\-pool\-1 \e
    \-\-cluster=example\-cluster \e
    \-\-node\-labels=label1=value1,label2=value2
.RE

New nodes, including ones created by resize or recreate, will have these labels
on the kubernetes API node object and can be used in nodeSelectors. See
http://kubernetes.io/docs/user\-guide/node\-selection/ for examples.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-nodes\fR=\fINUM_NODES\fR; default="3"
The number of nodes in the node pool in each of the cluster's zones.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scopes\fR=\fISCOPE\fR,[\fISCOPE\fR,...]
Specifies scopes for the node instances. The project's default service account
is used. Examples:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container node\-pools create node\-pool\-1 \e
    \-\-cluster=example\-cluster \e
    \-\-scopes https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container node\-pools create node\-pool\-1 \e
    \-\-cluster=example\-cluster \e
    \-\-scopes bigquery,storage\-rw,compute\-ro
.RE

Multiple SCOPEs can specified, separated by commas. The scopes necessary for the
cluster to function properly (compute\-rw, storage\-ro), are always added, even
if not explicitly specified.

SCOPE can be either the full URI of the scope or an alias. Available aliases
are:


.TS
tab(,);
lB lB
l l.
Alias,URI
bigquery,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery
cloud\-platform,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud\-platform
cloud\-source\-repos,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/source.full_control
cloud\-source\-repos\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/source.read_only
compute\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute.readonly
compute\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute
datastore,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/datastore
default,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts.readonly
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/pubsub
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
logging\-write,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
monitoring,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring
monitoring\-write,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
service\-control,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
service\-management,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
sql,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice
sql\-admin,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin
storage\-full,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.full_control
storage\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
storage\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write
taskqueue,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/taskqueue
useraccounts\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts.readonly
useraccounts\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts
userinfo\-email,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email
.TE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
Applies the given Compute Engine tags (comma separated) on all nodes in the new
node\-pool. Example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container node\-pools create node\-pool\-1 \e
    \-\-cluster=example\-cluster \-\-tags=tag1,tag2
.RE

New nodes, including ones created by resize or recreate, will have these tags on
the Compute Engine API instance object and can be used in firewall rules. See
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/compute/firewall\-rules/create for
examples.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
The compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a new node pool "node\-pool\-1" with the default options in the
cluster "sample\-cluster", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container node\-pools create node\-pool\-1 \e
    \-\-cluster=example\-cluster
.RE

The new node pool will show up in the cluster after all the nodes have been
provisioned.

To create a node pool with 5 nodes, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container node\-pools create node\-pool\-1 \e
    \-\-cluster=example\-cluster \-\-num\-nodes=5
.RE
