
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_SET\-SERVICE\-ACCOUNT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances set\-service\-account \- set service account and scopes for a Google Compute Engine instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances set\-service\-account\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-scopes\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-scopes\fR=[\fISCOPE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-no\-service\-account\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Set service account and scopes for a Google Compute Engine instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
The name of the instance to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-scopes\fR
Remove all scopes from the instance

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scopes\fR=[\fISCOPE\fR,...]
If not provided, the instance will keep the scopes it currently has.

SCOPE can be either the full URI of the scope or an alias. Available aliases
are:

.RS 2m
default
  Scopes assigned to instances by default:
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts.readonly
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/pubsub
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
.RE

.RS 2m
bigquery
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery
.RE

.RS 2m
cloud\-platform
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud\-platform
.RE

.RS 2m
compute\-ro
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute.readonly
.RE

.RS 2m
compute\-rw
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute
.RE

.RS 2m
datastore
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/datastore
.RE

.RS 2m
logging\-write
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
.RE

.RS 2m
monitoring
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring
.RE

.RS 2m
monitoring\-write
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
.RE

.RS 2m
service\-control
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
.RE

.RS 2m
service\-management
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
.RE

.RS 2m
sql
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice
.RE

.RS 2m
sql\-admin
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin
.RE

.RS 2m
storage\-full
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.full_control
.RE

.RS 2m
storage\-ro
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
.RE

.RS 2m
storage\-rw
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write
.RE

.RS 2m
taskqueue
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/taskqueue
.RE

.RS 2m
useraccounts\-ro
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts.readonly
.RE

.RS 2m
useraccounts\-rw
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts
.RE

.RS 2m
userinfo\-email
  \- https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email
.RE

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-service\-account\fR
Remove service account from the instance

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
A service account is an identity attached to the instance. Its access tokens can
be accessed through the instance metadata server and are used to authenticate
applications on the instance. The account can be either an email address or an
alias corresponding to a service account. You can explicitly specify the Compute
Engine default service account using the 'default' alias.

If not provided, the instance will keep the service account it currently has.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
