
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_UNMANAGED_SET\-NAMED\-PORTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged set\-named\-ports \- sets the list of named ports for an instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged set\-named\-ports\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-named\-ports\fR=[\fINAME\fR:\fIPORT\fR,...] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Named ports are key:value pairs metadata representing the service name and the
port that it's running on. Named ports can be assigned to an instance group,
which indicates that the service is available on all instances in the group.
This information is used by the HTTP Load Balancing service.

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged set\-named\-ports\fR sets the list
of named ports for all instances in an instance group.

Note: Running this command will clear all existing named ports.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-named\-ports\fR=[\fINAME\fR:\fIPORT\fR,...]
The comma\-separated list of key:value pairs representing the service name and
the port that it is running on.

To clear the list of named ports pass empty list as flag value. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged set\-named\-ports \e
    example\-instance\-group \-\-named\-ports ""
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

For example, to apply the named ports to an entire instance group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged set\-named\-ports \e
    example\-instance\-group \-\-named\-ports example\-service:1111 \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

The above example will assign a name 'example\-service' for port 1111 to the
instance group called 'example\-instance\-group' in the
\f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR zone. The command removes any named ports that are
already set for this instance group.

To clear named ports from instance group provide empty named ports list as
parameter:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged set\-named\-ports \e
    example\-instance\-group \-\-named\-ports "" \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE
