
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_KEYRINGS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms keyrings add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a keyring



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms keyrings add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIKEYRING\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Adds IAM policy binding to the given keyring.

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEYRING\fR
Name of the keyring whose IAM policy to modify.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add to the binding. Should be of the form \f5user:user_email\fR
(e.g. \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com.\fR)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the requested resource.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on the keyring
\f5fellowship\fR with location \f5global\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keyrings add\-iam\-policy\-binding fellowship \e
    \-\-location global \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE
