
.TH "GCLOUD_SQL_INSTANCES_PATCH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud sql instances patch \- updates the settings of a Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud sql instances patch\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-activation\-policy\fR=\fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-assign\-ip\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-cpu\fR=\fICPU\fR] [\fB\-\-diff\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-bin\-log\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-database\-replication\fR] [\fB\-\-follow\-gae\-app\fR=\fIFOLLOW_GAE_APP\fR] [\fB\-\-gce\-zone\fR=\fIGCE_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-release\-channel\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_RELEASE_CHANNEL\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-window\-any\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-window\-day\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW_DAY\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-window\-hour\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW_HOUR\fR] [\fB\-\-memory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR] [\fB\-\-pricing\-plan\fR=\fIPRICING_PLAN\fR,\ \fB\-p\fR\ \fIPRICING_PLAN\fR] [\fB\-\-replication\fR=\fIREPLICATION\fR] [\fB\-\-require\-ssl\fR] [\fB\-\-storage\-auto\-increase\fR] [\fB\-\-storage\-size\fR=\fISTORAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR,\ \fB\-t\fR\ \fITIER\fR] [\fB\-\-authorized\-gae\-apps\fR=\fIAPP\fR,[\fIAPP\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-gae\-apps\fR] [\fB\-\-authorized\-networks\fR=\fINETWORK\fR,[\fINETWORK\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-authorized\-networks\fR] [\fB\-\-backup\-start\-time\fR=\fIBACKUP_START_TIME\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-backup\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-database\-flags\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-database\-flags\fR=\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Updates the settings of a Cloud SQL instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-activation\-policy\fR=\fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR
The activation policy for this instance. This specifies when the instance should
be activated and is applicable only when the instance state is RUNNABLE.
\fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR must be one of: \fBALWAYS\fR, \fBNEVER\fR,
\fBON_DEMAND\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-assign\-ip\fR
The instance must be assigned an IP address.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Do not wait for the operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cpu\fR=\fICPU\fR
A whole number value indicating how many cores are desired in the machine. Both
\-\-cpu and \-\-memory must be specified if a custom machine type is desired,
and the \-\-tier flag must be omitted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-diff\fR
Show what changed as a result of the update.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-bin\-log\fR
Enable binary log. If backup configuration is disabled, binary log should be
disabled as well.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-database\-replication\fR
Enable database replication. Applicable only for read replica instance(s).
WARNING: Instance will be restarted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-follow\-gae\-app\fR=\fIFOLLOW_GAE_APP\fR
First Generation instances only. The App Engine app this instance should follow.
It must be in the same region as the instance. WARNING: Instance may be
restarted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gce\-zone\fR=\fIGCE_ZONE\fR
The preferred Compute Engine zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a, us\-central1\-b, etc.).
WARNING: Instance may be restarted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-release\-channel\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_RELEASE_CHANNEL\fR
Which channel's updates to apply during the maintenance window.
\fIMAINTENANCE_RELEASE_CHANNEL\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBpreview\fR
Preview updates release prior to production updates. You may wish to use the
preview channel for dev/test applications so that you can preview their
compatibility with your application prior to the production release.
.TP 2m
\fBproduction\fR
Production updates are stable and recommended for applications in production.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-window\-any\fR
Removes the user\-specified maintenance window.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-window\-day\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW_DAY\fR
Day of week for maintenance window, in UTC time zone.
\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW_DAY\fR must be one of: \fBSUN\fR, \fBMON\fR, \fBTUE\fR,
\fBWED\fR, \fBTHU\fR, \fBFRI\fR, \fBSAT\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-window\-hour\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW_HOUR\fR
Hour of day for maintenance window, in UTC time zone.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-memory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR
A whole number value indicating how much memory is desired in the machine. A
size unit should be provided (eg. 3072MiB or 9GiB) \- if no units are specified,
GiB is assumed. Both \-\-cpu and \-\-memory must be specified if a custom
machine type is desired, and the \-\-tier flag must be omitted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-pricing\-plan\fR=\fIPRICING_PLAN\fR, \fB\-p\fR \fIPRICING_PLAN\fR
First Generation instances only. The pricing plan for this instance.
\fIPRICING_PLAN\fR must be one of: \fBPER_USE\fR, \fBPACKAGE\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-replication\fR=\fIREPLICATION\fR
The type of replication this instance uses. \fIREPLICATION\fR must be one of:
\fBSYNCHRONOUS\fR, \fBASYNCHRONOUS\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-require\-ssl\fR
mysqld should default to 'REQUIRE X509' for users connecting over IP.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-storage\-auto\-increase\fR
Storage size can be increased, but it cannot be decreased; storage increases are
permanent for the life of the instance. With this setting enabled, a spike in
storage requirements can result in permanently increased storage costs for your
instance. However, if an instance runs out of available space, it can result in
the instance going offline, dropping existing connections.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-storage\-size\fR=\fISTORAGE_SIZE\fR
Amount of storage allocated to the instance. Must be an integer number of GB
between 10GB and 10230GB inclusive.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR, \fB\-t\fR \fITIER\fR
The tier for this instance. For Second Generation instances, TIER is the
instance's machine type (e.g., db\-n1\-standard\-1). For PostgreSQL instances,
only shared\-core machine types (e.g., db\-f1\-micro) apply. A complete list of
tiers is available here: https://cloud.google.com/sql/pricing. WARNING: Instance
will be restarted.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-authorized\-gae\-apps\fR=\fIAPP\fR,[\fIAPP\fR,...]
First Generation instances only. List of IDs for App Engine applications running
in the Standard environment that can access this instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-gae\-apps\fR
Specified to clear the list of App Engine apps that can access this instance.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-authorized\-networks\fR=\fINETWORK\fR,[\fINETWORK\fR,...]
The list of external networks that are allowed to connect to the instance.
Specified in CIDR notation, also known as 'slash' notation (e.g.
192.168.100.0/24).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-authorized\-networks\fR
Clear the list of external networks that are allowed to connect to the instance.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backup\-start\-time\fR=\fIBACKUP_START_TIME\fR
The start time of daily backups, specified in the 24 hour format \- HH:MM, in
the UTC timezone.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-backup\fR
Specified if daily backup should be disabled.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-database\-flags\fR
Clear the database flags set on the instance. WARNING: Instance will be
restarted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\-flags\fR=\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of database flags to set on the instance. Use an equals
sign to separate flag name and value. Flags without values, like
skip_grant_tables, can be written out without a value after, e.g.,
\f5skip_grant_tables=\fR. Use on/off for booleans. View the Instance Resource
API for allowed flags. (e.g., \f5\-\-database\-flags
max_allowed_packet=55555,skip_grant_tables=,log_output=1\fR)


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
