
.TH "GCLOUD_ML_LANGUAGE_ANALYZE\-SYNTAX" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud ml language analyze\-syntax \- use Google Cloud Natural Language API to identify linguistic information



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud ml language analyze\-syntax\fR (\fB\-\-content\fR=\fICONTENT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-content\-file\fR=\fICONTENT_FILE\fR) [\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR;\ default="PLAIN_TEXT"] [\fB\-\-encoding\-type\fR=\fIENCODING_TYPE\fR;\ default="UTF8"] [\fB\-\-language\fR=\fILANGUAGE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Syntactic Analysis extracts linguistic information, breaking up the given text
into a series of sentences and tokens (generally, word boundaries), providing
further analysis on those tokens.

This command requires a service account from a project that has enabled the
Natural Language API. To learn about using service accounts with the Natural
Language API, please go to
https://cloud.google.com/natural\-language/docs/getting\-started. Step 2 under
the "Make an entity analysis request" section will give directions for using
service accounts in gcloud.

Currently English, Spanish, and Japanese are supported.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\fR=\fICONTENT\fR
Specify input text on the command line. Useful for experiments, or for extremely
short text.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-file\fR=\fICONTENT_FILE\fR
Specify a local file or Google Cloud Storage (format \f5gs://bucket/object\fR)
file path containing the text to be analyzed. More useful for longer text or
data output from another system.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR; default="PLAIN_TEXT"
Specify the format of the input text. \fICONTENT_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBPLAIN_TEXT\fR, \fBHTML\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-encoding\-type\fR=\fIENCODING_TYPE\fR; default="UTF8"
The encoding type used by the API to calculate offsets. If NONE, those offsets
are not calculated. This is an optional flag only used for the entity mentions
in results, and does not affect how the input is read or analyzed.
\fIENCODING_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBNONE\fR, \fBUTF8\fR, \fBUTF16\fR,
\fBUTF32\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-language\fR=\fILANGUAGE\fR
Specify the language of the input text. If omitted, the server will attempt to
auto\-detect. Both ISO (such as \f5en\fR or \f5es\fR) and BCP\-47 (such as
\f5en\-US\fR or \f5ja\-JP\fR) language codes are accepted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
