
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances \- read and manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-access\-config\fR
Create a Google Compute Engine virtual machine access configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-labels\fR
Add labels to Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-metadata\fR
Add or update instance metadata.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-tags\fR
Add tags to Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBattach\-disk\fR
Attach a disk to an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Create Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\-access\-config\fR
Delete an access configuration from a virtual machine network interface.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Describe a virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdetach\-disk\fR
Detach disks from Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-serial\-port\-output\fR
Read output from a virtual machine instance's serial port.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List Google Compute Engine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBmove\fR
Move an instance and its attached persistent disks between zones.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-labels\fR
Remove labels from Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-metadata\fR
Remove instance metadata.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-tags\fR
Remove tags from Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBreset\fR
Reset a virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-disk\-auto\-delete\fR
Set auto\-delete behavior for disks.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-machine\-type\fR
Set machine type for Google Compute Engine virtual machines.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-scheduling\fR
Set scheduling options for Google Compute Engine virtual machines.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-service\-account\fR
Set service account and scopes for a Google Compute Engine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\fR
Start a stopped virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBstop\fR
Stop a virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBtail\-serial\-port\-output\fR
Periodically fetch new output from a virtual machine instance's serial port and
display it as it becomes available.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
Update a Google Compute Engine virtual machine.
.RE
.sp
