
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_REMOVE\-BACKEND" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute backend\-services remove\-backend \- remove a backend from a backend service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute backend\-services remove\-backend\fR \fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-instance\-group\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-instance\-group\-region\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_REGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-instance\-group\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_ZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute backend\-services remove\-backend\fR is used to remove a
backend from a backend service.

Before removing a backend, it is a good idea to "drain" the backend first. A
backend can be drained by setting its capacity scaler to zero through 'gcloud
compute backend\-services edit'.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR
The name of the backend service to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP\fR
The name of the instance group to remove from the backend service.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, it is assumed the backend service is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the backend service to operate on. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\-region\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_REGION\fR
The region of the instance group to remove from the backend service. If not
specified, you will be prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_ZONE\fR
The zone of the instance group to remove from the backend service. If not
specified, you may be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
