
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_IMAGES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute images create \- create Google Compute Engine images



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute images create\fR \fIIMAGE_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-source\-disk\fR=\fISOURCE_DISK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-source\-uri\fR=\fISOURCE_URI\fR) [\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-family\fR=\fIFAMILY\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-licenses\fR=[\fILICENSES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-no\-require\-csek\-key\-create\fR] [\fB\-\-source\-disk\-zone\fR=\fISOURCE_DISK_ZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute images create\fR is used to create custom disk images. The
resulting image can be provided during instance or disk creation so that the
instance attached to the resulting disks has access to a known set of software
or files from the image.

Images can be created from gzipped compressed tarball containing raw disk data
or from existing disks in any zone.

Images are global resources, so they can be used across zones and projects.

To learn more about creating image tarballs, visit
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/creating\-custom\-image



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_NAME\fR
The name of the disk image to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-disk\fR=\fISOURCE_DISK\fR
A source disk to create the image from. The value for this option can be the
name of a disk with the zone specified via \f5\fI\-\-source\-disk\-zone\fR\fR
flag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-uri\fR=\fISOURCE_URI\fR
The full Google Cloud Storage URI where the disk image is stored. This file must
be a gzip\-compressed tarball whose name ends in \f5\fI.tar.gz\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Path to a Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key (CSEK) key file, mapping Google
Compute Engine images to user managed keys to be used when creating, mounting,
or snapshotting disks. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-supplied\-encryption for
more details.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the image being created.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-family\fR=\fIFAMILY\fR
The family of the image. When creating an instance or disk, specifying a family
will cause the latest non\-deprecated image in the family to be used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-licenses\fR=[\fILICENSES\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of URIs to license resources.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-require\-csek\-key\-create\fR
Refuse to create images not protected by a user managed key in the key file when
\-\-csek\-key\-file is given. This behavior is enabled by default to prevent
incorrect gcloud invocations from accidentally creating images with no user
managed key. Disabling the check allows creation of some images without a
matching Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key in the supplied \-\-csek\-key\-file.
See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-supplied\-encryption
for more details. Enabled by default, use
\fB\-\-no\-require\-csek\-key\-create\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-disk\-zone\fR=\fISOURCE_DISK_ZONE\fR
The zone of the source disk to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted
to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
