
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_CLUSTERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc clusters create \- create a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc clusters create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-image\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-initialization\-action\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="10m"] [\fB\-\-initialization\-actions\fR=\fICLOUD_STORAGE_URI\fR,[\fICLOUD_STORAGE_URI\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-master\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIMASTER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-master\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMASTER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-num\-master\-local\-ssds\fR=\fINUM_MASTER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-preemptible\-workers\fR=\fINUM_PREEMPTIBLE_WORKERS\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-worker\-local\-ssds\fR=\fINUM_WORKER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-workers\fR=\fINUM_WORKERS\fR] [\fB\-\-preemptible\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIPREEMPTIBLE_WORKER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPREFIX\fR:\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-scopes\fR=\fISCOPE\fR,[\fISCOPE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIWORKER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-worker\-machine\-type\fR=\fIWORKER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of this cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
The Google Cloud Storage bucket to use with the Google Cloud Storage connector.
A bucket is auto created when this parameter is not specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
The image version to use for the cluster. Defaults to the latest version.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-initialization\-action\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="10m"
The maximum duration of each initialization action.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-initialization\-actions\fR=\fICLOUD_STORAGE_URI\fR,[\fICLOUD_STORAGE_URI\fR,...]
A list of Google Cloud Storage URIs of executables to run on each node in the
cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-master\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIMASTER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR
The size of the boot disk. The value must be a whole number followed by a size
unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte, \f5\fIGB\fR\fR
for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example, \f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will
produce a 10 gigabyte disk. The minimum size a boot disk can have is 10 GB. Disk
size must be a multiple of 1 GB.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-master\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMASTER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR
The type of machine to use for the master. Defaults to server\-specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Metadata to be made available to the guest operating system running on the
instances

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-master\-local\-ssds\fR=\fINUM_MASTER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR
The number of local SSDs to attach to the master in a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-preemptible\-workers\fR=\fINUM_PREEMPTIBLE_WORKERS\fR
The number of preemptible worker nodes in the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-worker\-local\-ssds\fR=\fINUM_WORKER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR
The number of local SSDs to attach to each worker in a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-workers\fR=\fINUM_WORKERS\fR
The number of worker nodes in the cluster. Defaults to server\-specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preemptible\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIPREEMPTIBLE_WORKER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR
The size of the boot disk. The value must be a whole number followed by a size
unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte, \f5\fIGB\fR\fR
for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example, \f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will
produce a 10 gigabyte disk. The minimum size a boot disk can have is 10 GB. Disk
size must be a multiple of 1 GB.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPREFIX\fR:\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Specifies configuration properties for installed packages, such as Hadoop and
Spark.

Properties are mapped to configuration files by specifying a prefix, such as
"core:io.serializations". The following are supported prefixes and their
mappings:


.TS
tab(,);
lB lB
l l.
Prefix,Target Configuration File
core,core\-site.xml
hdfs,hdfs\-site.xml
mapred,mapred\-site.xml
yarn,yarn\-site.xml
hive,hive\-site.xml
pig,pig.properties
spark,spark\-defaults.conf
.TE


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Specifies the Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scopes\fR=\fISCOPE\fR,[\fISCOPE\fR,...]
Specifies scopes for the node instances. The project's default service account
is used. Multiple SCOPEs can specified, separated by commas. Examples:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-scopes https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigtable.admin
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-scopes sqlservice,bigquery
.RE

The following scopes necessary for the cluster to function properly are always
added, even if not explicitly specified:


.TS
tab(,);
lB lB
l l.
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts.readonly
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
.TE

If this flag is not specified the following default scopes are also included:


.TS
tab(,);
lB lB
l l.
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigtable.admin.table
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigtable.data
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.full_control
.TE

If you want to enable all scopes use the 'cloud\-platform' scope.

SCOPE can be either the full URI of the scope or an alias. Available aliases
are:


.TS
tab(,);
lB lB
l l.
Alias,URI
bigquery,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery
cloud\-platform,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud\-platform
cloud\-source\-repos,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/source.full_control
cloud\-source\-repos\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/source.read_only
compute\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute.readonly
compute\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute
datastore,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/datastore
default,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts.readonly
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/pubsub
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
logging\-write,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
monitoring,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring
monitoring\-write,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
service\-control,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
service\-management,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
sql,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice
sql\-admin,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin
storage\-full,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.full_control
storage\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
storage\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write
taskqueue,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/taskqueue
useraccounts\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts.readonly
useraccounts\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud.useraccounts
userinfo\-email,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email
.TE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
The Google Cloud IAM service account to be authenticated as.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
Specifies a list of tags to apply to the instances for identifying the instances
to which network firewall rules will apply. See \fBgcloud compute
firewall\-rules create\fR(1) for more details.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIWORKER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR
The size of the boot disk. The value must be a whole number followed by a size
unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte, \f5\fIGB\fR\fR
for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example, \f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will
produce a 10 gigabyte disk. The minimum size a boot disk can have is 10 GB. Disk
size must be a multiple of 1 GB.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-machine\-type\fR=\fIWORKER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR
The type of machine to use for workers. Defaults to server\-specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
The compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The Compute Engine network that the VM instances of the cluster will be part of.
This is mutually exclusive with \-\-subnet. If neither is specified, this
defaults to the "default" network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
Specifies the subnet that the cluster will be part of. This is mutally exclusive
with \-\-network.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters create my_cluster
.RE
