
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_EDIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute backend\-services edit \- modify backend services



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute backend\-services edit\fR \fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute backend\-services edit\fR can be used to modify a backend
service. The backend service resource is fetched from the server and presented
in a text editor. After the file is saved and closed, this command will update
the resource. Only fields that can be modified are displayed in the editor.

Backends are named by their associated instances groups, and one of the
\f5\fI\-\-group\fR\fR or \f5\fI\-\-instance\-group\fR\fR flags is required to
identify the backend that you are modifying. You cannot "change" the instance
group associated with a backend, but you can accomplish something similar with
\f5\fIbackend\-services remove\-backend\fR\fR and \f5\fIbackend\-services
add\-backend\fR\fR.

The editor used to modify the resource is chosen by inspecting the
\f5\fIEDITOR\fR\fR environment variable.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR
The name of the backend service to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, it is assumed the backend service is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the backend service to operate on. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
