
.TH "GCLOUD_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_DEPLOYMENTS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud deployment\-manager deployments update \- update a deployment based on a provided config file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud deployment\-manager deployments update\fR \fIDEPLOYMENT_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR] [\fB\-\-create\-policy\fR=\fICREATE_POLICY\fR;\ default="CREATE_OR_ACQUIRE"] [\fB\-\-delete\-policy\fR=\fIDELETE_POLICY\fR;\ default="DELETE"] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-fingerprint\fR=\fIFINGERPRINT\fR] [\fB\-\-preview\fR] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTIES\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command will update a deployment with the new config file provided.
Different policies for create, update, and delete policies can be specified.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDEPLOYMENT_NAME\fR
Deployment name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately and print information about the Operation in progress rather
than waiting for the Operation to complete. (default=False)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR
Filename of config that specifies resources to deploy. Required unless launching
an already\-previewed update to this deployment. More information is available
at https://cloud.google.com/deployment\-manager/docs/configuration/.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-create\-policy\fR=\fICREATE_POLICY\fR; default="CREATE_OR_ACQUIRE"
Create policy for resources that have changed in the update. \fICREATE_POLICY\fR
must be one of: \fBACQUIRE\fR, \fBCREATE_OR_ACQUIRE\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-delete\-policy\fR=\fIDELETE_POLICY\fR; default="DELETE"
Delete policy for resources that will change as part of an update or delete.
DELETE deletes the resource while ABANDON just removes the resource reference
from the deployment. \fIDELETE_POLICY\fR must be one of: \fBABANDON\fR,
\fBDELETE\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The new description of the deployment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-fingerprint\fR=\fIFINGERPRINT\fR
The fingerprint to use in requests to modify a deployment. If not specified, a
get deployment request will be made to fetch the latest fingerprint. A
fingerprint is a randomly generated value that is part of the update, stop, and
cancel\-preview request to perform optimistic locking. It is initially generated
by Deployment Manager and changes after every request to modify data. The latest
fingerprint is printed when deployment data is modified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preview\fR
Preview the requested update without making any changes to theunderlying
resources. (default=False)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTIES\fR,...]
A comma separated, key:value, map to be used when deploying a template file
directly.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update an existing deployment with a new config file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager deployments update my\-deployment \e
    \-\-config new_config.yaml
.RE

To preview an update to an existing deployment without actually modifying the
resources, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager deployments update my\-deployment \e
    \-\-config new_config.yaml \-\-preview
.RE

To apply an update that has been previewed, provide the name of the previewed
deployment, and no config file:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager deployments update my\-deployment
.RE

To specify different create, update, or delete policies, include any subset of
the following flags;

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager deployments update my\-deployment \e
    \-\-config new_config.yaml \-\-create\-policy ACQUIRE \e
    \-\-delete\-policy ABANDON
.RE

To perform an update without waiting for the operation to complete, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager deployments update my\-deployment \e
    \-\-config new_config.yaml \-\-async
.RE

To update an existing deployment with a new config file and a fingerprint, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager deployments update my\-deployment \e
    \-\-config new_config.yaml \-\-fingerprint deployment\-fingerprint
.RE
