
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_DISKS_SNAPSHOT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute disks snapshot \- create snapshots of Google Compute Engine persistent disks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute disks snapshot\fR \fIDISK_NAME\fR [\fIDISK_NAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-guest\-flush\fR] [\fB\-\-snapshot\-names\fR=\fISNAPSHOT_NAME\fR,[\fISNAPSHOT_NAME\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create snapshots of Google Compute Engine persistent disks.

\fBgcloud compute disks snapshot\fR creates snapshots of persistent disks.
Snapshots are useful for backing up data or copying a persistent disk. Once
created, snapshots may be managed (listed, deleted, etc.) via \f5\fIgcloud
compute snapshots\fR\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDISK_NAME\fR [\fIDISK_NAME\fR ...]
The names of the disks to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Path to a Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key (CSEK) key file, mapping Google
Compute Engine resources to user managed keys to be used when creating,
mounting, or snapshotting disks. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-supplied\-encryption for
more details.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the snapshots being created.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-guest\-flush\fR
Create an application consistent snapshot by informing the OS to prepare for the
snapshot process. Currently only supported on Windows instances using the Volume
Shadow Copy Service (VSS).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-snapshot\-names\fR=\fISNAPSHOT_NAME\fR,[\fISNAPSHOT_NAME\fR,...]
Names to assign to the snapshots. Without this option, the name of each snapshot
will be a random, 16\-character hexadecimal number that starts with a letter.
The values of this option run parallel to the disks specified. For example,

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks snapshot my\-disk\-1 my\-disk\-2 my\-disk\-3 \e
    \-\-snapshot\-names snapshot\-1,snapshot\-2,snapshot\-3
.RE

will result in \f5\fImy\-disk\-1\fR\fR being snapshotted as
\f5\fIsnapshot\-1\fR\fR, \f5\fImy\-disk\-2\fR\fR as \f5\fIsnapshot\-2\fR\fR, and
so on.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the disks to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
