
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER_BUILDS_SUBMIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container builds submit \- submit a build using the Google Container Builder service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container builds submit\fR [\fISOURCE\fR] (\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-tag\fR=\fITAG\fR,\ \fB\-t\fR\ \fITAG\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-gcs\-log\-dir\fR=\fIGCS_LOG_DIR\fR] [\fB\-\-gcs\-source\-staging\-dir\fR=\fIGCS_SOURCE_STAGING_DIR\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-source\fR] [\fB\-\-substitutions\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Submit a build using the Google Container Builder service.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fISOURCE\fR]
The source directory on local disk or tarball in Google Cloud Storage or disk to
use for this build.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR
The .yaml or .json file to use for build configuration.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\fR=\fITAG\fR, \fB\-t\fR \fITAG\fR
The tag to use with a "docker build" image creation. The Container Builder
service will run a remote "docker build \-t $TAG .", where $TAG is the tag
provided by this flag. The tag must be in the gcr.io/* or *.gcr.io/* namespaces.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-log\-dir\fR=\fIGCS_LOG_DIR\fR
Directory in Google Cloud Storage to hold build logs. If the bucket does not
exist, it will be created. If not set, \f5gs://<project id>_cloudbuild/logs\fR
is used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-source\-staging\-dir\fR=\fIGCS_SOURCE_STAGING_DIR\fR
Directory in Google Cloud Storage to stage a copy of the source used for the
build. If the bucket does not exist, it will be created. If not set,
\f5gs://<project id>_cloudbuild/source\fR is used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-source\fR
Specify that no source should be uploaded with this build.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-substitutions\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Parameters to be substituted in the build specification.

For example (using some nonsensical substitution keys; all keys must begin with
an underscore):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container builds submit . \e
    \-\-config config.yaml \e
    \-\-substitutions _FAVORITE_COLOR=blue,_NUM_CANDIES=10
.RE

This will result in a build where every occurrence of \f5${_FAVORITE_COLOR}\fR
in certain fields is replaced by "blue", and similarly for \f5${_NUM_CANDIES}\fR
and "10".

For more details, see:
https://cloud.google.com/container\-builder/docs/api/build\-requests#substitutions

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR
Maximum time a build can last before it is failed as "TIMEOUT", written as a
duration (eg "2h15m5s" is two hours, fifteen minutes, and five seconds). If no
unit is specified, seconds is assumed (eg "10" is 10 seconds). Overrides the
default \fBcontainer/build_timeout\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
