
.TH "GCLOUD_SQL_INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud sql instances create \- creates a new Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud sql instances create\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-activation\-policy\fR=\fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-assign\-ip\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-authorized\-gae\-apps\fR=\fIAPP\fR,[\fIAPP\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-authorized\-networks\fR=\fINETWORK\fR,[\fINETWORK\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-no\-backup\fR] [\fB\-\-backup\-start\-time\fR=\fIBACKUP_START_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-cpu\fR=\fICPU\fR] [\fB\-\-database\-flags\fR=\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-database\-version\fR=\fIDATABASE_VERSION\fR;\ default="MYSQL_5_6"] [\fB\-\-enable\-bin\-log\fR] [\fB\-\-failover\-replica\-name\fR=\fIFAILOVER_REPLICA_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-follow\-gae\-app\fR=\fIFOLLOW_GAE_APP\fR] [\fB\-\-gce\-zone\fR=\fIGCE_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-release\-channel\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_RELEASE_CHANNEL\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-window\-day\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW_DAY\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-window\-hour\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW_HOUR\fR] [\fB\-\-master\-instance\-name\fR=\fIMASTER_INSTANCE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-memory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR] [\fB\-\-pricing\-plan\fR=\fIPRICING_PLAN\fR,\ \fB\-p\fR\ \fIPRICING_PLAN\fR;\ default="PER_USE"] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR;\ default="us\-central"] [\fB\-\-replica\-type\fR=\fIREPLICA_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-replication\fR=\fIREPLICATION\fR] [\fB\-\-require\-ssl\fR] [\fB\-\-storage\-auto\-increase\fR] [\fB\-\-storage\-size\fR=\fISTORAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-storage\-type\fR=\fISTORAGE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR,\ \fB\-t\fR\ \fITIER\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Creates a new Cloud SQL instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-activation\-policy\fR=\fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR
The activation policy for this instance. This specifies when the instance should
be activated and is applicable only when the instance state is RUNNABLE. More
information on activation policies can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/sql/faq#activation_policy. \fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR must
be one of: \fBALWAYS\fR, \fBNEVER\fR, \fBON_DEMAND\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-assign\-ip\fR
Specified if the instance must be assigned an IP address.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-authorized\-gae\-apps\fR=\fIAPP\fR,[\fIAPP\fR,...]
First Generation instances only. List of IDs for App Engine applications running
in the Standard environment that can access this instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-authorized\-networks\fR=\fINETWORK\fR,[\fINETWORK\fR,...]
The list of external networks that are allowed to connect to the instance.
Specified in CIDR notation, also known as 'slash' notation (e.g.
192.168.100.0/24).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backup\fR
Enables daily backup. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-backup\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backup\-start\-time\fR=\fIBACKUP_START_TIME\fR
The start time of daily backups, specified in the 24 hour format \- HH:MM, in
the UTC timezone.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cpu\fR=\fICPU\fR
A whole number value indicating how many cores are desired in the machine. Both
\-\-cpu and \-\-memory must be specified if a custom machine type is desired,
and the \-\-tier flag must be omitted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\-flags\fR=\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of database flags to set on the instance. Use an equals
sign to separate flag name and value. Flags without values, like
skip_grant_tables, can be written out without a value after, e.g.,
\f5skip_grant_tables=\fR. Use on/off for booleans. View the Instance Resource
API for allowed flags. (e.g., \f5\-\-database\-flags
max_allowed_packet=55555,skip_grant_tables=,log_output=1\fR)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\-version\fR=\fIDATABASE_VERSION\fR; default="MYSQL_5_6"
The database engine type and version. \fIDATABASE_VERSION\fR must be one of:
\fBMYSQL_5_5\fR, \fBMYSQL_5_6\fR, \fBMYSQL_5_7\fR, \fBPOSTGRES_9_6\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-bin\-log\fR
Specified if binary log should be enabled. If backup configuration is disabled,
binary log must be disabled as well.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-failover\-replica\-name\fR=\fIFAILOVER_REPLICA_NAME\fR
Also create a failover replica with the specified name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-follow\-gae\-app\fR=\fIFOLLOW_GAE_APP\fR
First Generation instances only. The App Engine app this instance should follow.
It must be in the same region as the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gce\-zone\fR=\fIGCE_ZONE\fR
The preferred Compute Engine zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a, us\-central1\-b, etc.).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-release\-channel\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_RELEASE_CHANNEL\fR
Which channel's updates to apply during the maintenance window.
\fIMAINTENANCE_RELEASE_CHANNEL\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBpreview\fR
Preview updates release prior to production updates. You may wish to use the
preview channel for dev/test applications so that you can preview their
compatibility with your application prior to the production release.
.TP 2m
\fBproduction\fR
Production updates are stable and recommended for applications in production.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-window\-day\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW_DAY\fR
Day of week for maintenance window, in UTC time zone.
\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW_DAY\fR must be one of: \fBSUN\fR, \fBMON\fR, \fBTUE\fR,
\fBWED\fR, \fBTHU\fR, \fBFRI\fR, \fBSAT\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-window\-hour\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW_HOUR\fR
Hour of day for maintenance window, in UTC time zone.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-master\-instance\-name\fR=\fIMASTER_INSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance which will act as master in the replication setup. The
newly created instance will be a read replica of the specified master instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-memory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR
A whole number value indicating how much memory is desired in the machine. A
size unit should be provided (eg. 3072MiB or 9GiB) \- if no units are specified,
GiB is assumed. Both \-\-cpu and \-\-memory must be specified if a custom
machine type is desired, and the \-\-tier flag must be omitted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-pricing\-plan\fR=\fIPRICING_PLAN\fR, \fB\-p\fR \fIPRICING_PLAN\fR; default="PER_USE"
First Generation instances only. The pricing plan for this instance.
\fIPRICING_PLAN\fR must be one of: \fBPER_USE\fR, \fBPACKAGE\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR; default="us\-central"
The regional location (e.g. asia\-east1, us\-east1). See the full list of
regions at https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/instance\-locations.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-replica\-type\fR=\fIREPLICA_TYPE\fR
The type of replica to create. \fIREPLICA_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBREAD\fR,
\fBFAILOVER\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-replication\fR=\fIREPLICATION\fR
The type of replication this instance uses. \fIREPLICATION\fR must be one of:
\fBSYNCHRONOUS\fR, \fBASYNCHRONOUS\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-require\-ssl\fR
Specified if users connecting over IP must use SSL.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-storage\-auto\-increase\fR
Storage size can be increased, but it cannot be decreased; storage increases are
permanent for the life of the instance. With this setting enabled, a spike in
storage requirements can result in permanently increased storage costs for your
instance. However, if an instance runs out of available space, it can result in
the instance going offline, dropping existing connections.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-storage\-size\fR=\fISTORAGE_SIZE\fR
Amount of storage allocated to the instance. Must be an integer number of GB
between 10GB and 10230GB inclusive.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-storage\-type\fR=\fISTORAGE_TYPE\fR
The storage type for the instance. \fISTORAGE_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBSSD\fR,
\fBHDD\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR, \fB\-t\fR \fITIER\fR
The tier for this instance. For Second Generation instances, TIER is the
instance's machine type (e.g., db\-n1\-standard\-1). For PostgreSQL instances,
only shared\-core machine types (e.g., db\-f1\-micro) apply. A complete list of
tiers is available here: https://cloud.google.com/sql/pricing.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
