
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_CONNECT\-TO\-SERIAL\-PORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute connect\-to\-serial\-port \- connect to the serial port of an instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute connect\-to\-serial\-port\fR [\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-\-extra\-args\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-force\-key\-file\-overwrite\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR;\ default="1"] [\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR=\fISSH_KEY_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute connect\-to\-serial\-port\fR allows users to connect to, and
interact with, a VM's virtual serial port using ssh as the secure, authenticated
transport protocol.

The user must first enable serial port access to a given VM by setting the
\'serial\-port\-enable=true' metadata key\-value pair. Setting
\'serial\-port\-enable' on the project\-level metadata enables serial port
access to all VMs in the project.

This command uses the same SSH key pair as the \f5gcloud compute ssh\fR command
and also ensures that the user's public SSH key is present in the project's
metadata. If the user does not have a public SSH key, one is generated using
ssh\-keygen.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR
Specifies the user/instance for the serial port connection.

\f5\fIUSER\fR\fR specifies the username to authenticate as. If omitted, the
current OS user is selected.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
If provided, the ssh command is printed to standard out rather than being
executed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-extra\-args\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Optional arguments can be passed to the serial port connection by passing
key\-value pairs to this flag, such as max\-connections=N or replay\-lines=N.
See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/interacting\-with\-serial\-console
for additional options.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\-key\-file\-overwrite\fR
If enabled gcloud will regenerate and overwrite the files associated with a
broken SSH key without asking for confirmation in both interactive and
non\-interactive environment.

If disabled gcloud will not attempt to regenerate the files associated with a
broken SSH key and fail in both interactive and non\-interactive environment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR; default="1"
The number of the requested serial port. Can be 1\-4, default is 1.

Instances can support up to four serial ports. By default, this command will
connect to the first serial port. Setting this flag will connect to the
requested serial port.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR=\fISSH_KEY_FILE\fR
The path to the SSH key file. By default, this is
\f5\fI~/.ssh/google_compute_engine\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to connect to. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
