
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups describe \- display detailed information about an instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups describe\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups describe\fR displays all data associated with
an instance group in a project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the instance group to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the instance group to describe. If not specified, you will be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance group to describe. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get details about a regional instance group in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR
regions, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups describe \-\-region us\-central1
.RE

To get details about a zonal instance group in the \f5\fIus\-central1\-b\fR\fR
zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups describe \-\-zone us\-central1\-b
.RE
