
.TH "GCLOUD_SQL_INSTANCES_CLONE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud sql instances clone \- clones a Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud sql instances clone\fR \fISOURCE\fR \fIDESTINATION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-bin\-log\-file\-name\fR=\fIBIN_LOG_FILE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-bin\-log\-position\fR=\fIBIN_LOG_POSITION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud sql instances clone\fR creates a clone of the Cloud SQL instance. The
source and the destination instances must be in the same project. The clone once
created will be an independent Cloud SQL instance.

The binary log coordinates, if specified, act as the point up to which the
source instance is cloned. If not specified, the source instance is cloned up to
the most recent binary log coordinates at the time the command is executed.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISOURCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID of the source.

.TP 2m
\fIDESTINATION\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID of the clone.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bin\-log\-file\-name\fR=\fIBIN_LOG_FILE_NAME\fR
Represents the name of the binary log file created by the source instance if it
has binary logs enabled. If specified, is the point up to which the source
instance is cloned. It must be specified along with \-\-bin\-log\-position to
form a valid binary log coordinates. e.g., mysql\-bin.000001

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bin\-log\-position\fR=\fIBIN_LOG_POSITION\fR
Represents the position (offset) inside the binary log file created by the
source instance if it has binary logs enabled. If specified, is the point up to
which the source instance is cloned. It must be specified along with
\-\-bin\-log\-file to form a valid binary log coordinates. e.g., 123 (a numeric
value)


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To clone a source instance to the most recent binary log coordinates:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql instances clone instance\-foo instance\-bar
.RE

or to clone at specific binary log coordinates:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql instances clone instance\-foo instance\-bar \e
    \-\-bin\-log\-file\-name mysql\-bin.000020 \-\-bin\-log\-position 170
.RE
