
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_SNAPSHOTS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute snapshots update \- update a Google Compute Engine snapshot



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute snapshots update\fR \fISNAPSHOT_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute snapshots update\fR updates labels for a Google Compute
snapshot. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute snapshots update example\-snapshot \e
  \-\-update\-labels=k0=value1,k1=value2 \-\-remove\-labels=k3
.RE

will add/update labels \f5\fIk0\fR\fR and \f5\fIk1\fR\fR and remove labels with
key \f5\fIk3\fR\fR.

Labels can be used to identify the snapshot and to filter them as in

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute snapshots list \-\-filter='labels.k1:value2'
.RE

To list existing labels

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute snapshots describe example\-snapshot \e
    \-\-format='default(labels)'
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISNAPSHOT_NAME\fR
The name of the snapshot to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently
ignored.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
