
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_KEYRINGS_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms keyrings remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove a policy binding from a keyring



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms keyrings remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIKEYRING\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Removes an IAM policy binding from the given keyring.

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEYRING\fR
Name of the keyring from which to remove an IAM policy binding.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add to the binding. Should be of the form \f5user:user_email\fR
(e.g. \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com.\fR)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the requested resource.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will remove an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on the keyring
\f5fellowship\fR with location \f5global\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keyrings remove\-iam\-policy\-binding fellowship \e
    \-\-location global \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE
