
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_FIREWALL\-RULES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute firewall\-rules create \- create a Google Compute Engine firewall rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute firewall\-rules create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-allow\fR=\fIPROTOCOL\fR[:\fIPORT\fR[\-\fIPORT\fR]],[\fIPROTOCOL\fR[:\fIPORT\fR[\-\fIPORT\fR]],...] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR;\ default="default"] [\fB\-\-source\-ranges\fR=\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-source\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-target\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute firewall\-rules create\fR is used to create firewall rules to
allow incoming traffic to a network.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the firewall rule to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-allow\fR=\fIPROTOCOL\fR[:\fIPORT\fR[\-\fIPORT\fR]],[\fIPROTOCOL\fR[:\fIPORT\fR[\-\fIPORT\fR]],...]
A list of protocols and ports whose traffic will be allowed.

The protocols allowed over this connection. This can be the (case\-sensitive)
string values \f5tcp\fR, \f5udp\fR, \f5icmp\fR, \f5esp\fR, \f5ah\fR, \f5sctp\fR,
or any IP protocol number. An IP\-based protocol must be specified for each
rule. The rule applies only to specified protocol.

For port\-based protocols \- \f5tcp\fR, \f5udp\fR, and \f5sctp\fR \- a list of
destination ports or port ranges to which the rule applies may optionally be
specified. If no port or port range is specified, the rule applies to all
destination ports. TCP and UDP rules must include a port or port range.

The ICMP protocol is supported, but there is no support for configuring ICMP
packet filtering by ICMP code.

For example, to create a rule that allows TCP traffic through port 80 and ICMP
traffic:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute firewall\-rules create MY\-RULE \-\-allow tcp:80,icmp
.RE

To create a rule that allows TCP traffic from port 20000 to 25000:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute firewall\-rules create MY\-RULE \e
    \-\-allow tcp:20000\-25000
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A textual description for the firewall rule.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR; default="default"
The network to which this rule is attached. If omitted, the rule is attached to
the \f5\fIdefault\fR\fR network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-ranges\fR=\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]
A list of IP address blocks that are allowed to make inbound connections that
match the firewall rule to the instances on the network. The IP address blocks
must be specified in CIDR format:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter\-Domain_Routing.

If neither \-\-source\-ranges nor \-\-source\-tags are specified,
\-\-source\-ranges defaults to \f50.0.0.0/0\fR, which means that the rule
applies to all incoming connections from inside or outside the network. If both
\-\-source\-ranges and \-\-source\-tags are specified, the rule matches if
either the range of the source matches \-\-source\-ranges or the tag of the
source matches \-\-source\-tags.

If neither \-\-source\-ranges nor \-\-source\-tags is provided, then this flag
will default to 0.0.0.0/0, allowing all sources. Multiple IP address blocks can
be specified if they are separated by commas.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
A list of instance tags indicating the set of instances on the network to which
the rule applies if all other fields match. If neither \-\-source\-ranges nor
\-\-source\-tags are specified, \-\-source\-ranges defaults to \f50.0.0.0/0\fR,
which means that the rule applies to all incoming connections from inside or
outside the network.

If both \-\-source\-ranges and \-\-source\-tags are specified, an inbound
connection is allowed if either the range of the source matches
\-\-source\-ranges or the tag of the source matches \-\-source\-tags.

Tags can be assigned to instances during instance creation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
A list of instance tags indicating which instances the rule is applied to. If
the field is set, the rule applies to only instances with a matching tag. If
omitted, the rule applies to all instances in the network.

Tags can be assigned to instances during instance creation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
