
.TH "GCLOUD_DEBUG_SNAPSHOTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud debug snapshots delete \- delete debug snapshots



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud debug snapshots delete\fR [\fIID\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-all\-users\fR] [\fB\-\-include\-inactive\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command deletes snapshots from a Cloud Debugger debug target. It will ask
for confirmation before deleting any snapshots. To suppress confirmation, use
the global \-\-quiet option.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIID\fR ...]
Zero or more snapshot resource identifiers. The specified snapshots will be
deleted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\-users\fR
If set, matching snapshots from all users will be deleted, rather than only
snapshots created by the current user.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-include\-inactive\fR
If set, also delete snapshots which have been completed. By default, only
pending snapshots will be deleted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR
A regular expression to match against snapshot locations. All snapshots matching
this value will be deleted. You may specify \-\-location multiple times.

EXAMPLE:

.RS 2m
gcloud debug snapshots delete \e
    \-\-location foo.py:[1\-3] \-\-location bar.py:4
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)
The debug target. It may be a target ID or name obtained from 'debug targets
list', or it may be a regular expression uniquely specifying a debuggee based on
its description or name. For App Engine projects, if not specified, the default
target is the most recent deployment of the default module and version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
