
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_FIREWALL\-RULES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute firewall\-rules update \- update a firewall rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute firewall\-rules update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-allow\fR=[\fIPROTOCOL\fR[:\fIPORT\fR[\-\fIPORT\fR]],...]] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-source\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-source\-tags\fR=[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-target\-tags\fR=[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute firewall\-rules update\fR is used to update firewall rules
that allow incoming traffic to a network. The firewall rule will only be updated
for arguments that are specifically passed. Other attributes will remain
unaffected.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the firewall rule to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-allow\fR=[\fIPROTOCOL\fR[:\fIPORT\fR[\-\fIPORT\fR]],...]
A list of protocols and ports whose traffic will be allowed.

The protocols allowed over this connection. This can be the (case\-sensitive)
string values \f5tcp\fR, \f5udp\fR, \f5icmp\fR, \f5esp\fR, \f5ah\fR, \f5sctp\fR,
or any IP protocol number. An IP\-based protocol must be specified for each
rule. The rule applies only to specified protocol.

For port\-based protocols \- \f5tcp\fR, \f5udp\fR, and \f5sctp\fR \- a list of
destination ports or port ranges to which the rule applies may optionally be
specified. If no port or port range is specified, the rule applies to all
destination ports. TCP and UDP rules must include a port or port range.

The ICMP protocol is supported, but there is no support for configuring ICMP
packet filtering by ICMP code.

For example, to create a rule that allows TCP traffic through port 80 and ICMP
traffic:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute firewall\-rules update MY\-RULE \-\-allow tcp:80,icmp
.RE

To create a rule that allows TCP traffic from port 20000 to 25000:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute firewall\-rules update MY\-RULE \e
    \-\-allow tcp:20000\-25000
.RE

Setting this will override the current values.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A textual description for the firewall rule. Set to an empty string to clear
existing.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]
A list of IP address blocks that are allowed to make inbound connections that
match the firewall rule to the instances on the network. The IP address blocks
must be specified in CIDR format:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter\-Domain_Routing.

If neither \-\-source\-ranges nor \-\-source\-tags are specified,
\-\-source\-ranges defaults to \f50.0.0.0/0\fR, which means that the rule
applies to all incoming connections from inside or outside the network. If both
\-\-source\-ranges and \-\-source\-tags are specified, the rule matches if
either the range of the source matches \-\-source\-ranges or the tag of the
source matches \-\-source\-tags.

Setting this will override the existing source ranges for the firewall. The
following will clear the existing source ranges:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute firewall\-rules update MY\-RULE \-\-source\-ranges
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-tags\fR=[\fITAG\fR,...]
A list of instance tags indicating the set of instances on the network to which
the rule applies if all other fields match. If neither \-\-source\-ranges nor
\-\-source\-tags are specified, \-\-source\-ranges defaults to \f50.0.0.0/0\fR,
which means that the rule applies to all incoming connections from inside or
outside the network.

If both \-\-source\-ranges and \-\-source\-tags are specified, an inbound
connection is allowed if either the range of the source matches
\-\-source\-ranges or the tag of the source matches \-\-source\-tags.

Tags can be assigned to instances during instance creation.

Setting this will override the existing source tags for the firewall. The
following will clear the existing source tags:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute firewall\-rules update MY\-RULE \-\-source\-tags
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-tags\fR=[\fITAG\fR,...]
A list of instance tags indicating which instances the rule is applied to. If
the field is set, the rule applies to only instances with a matching tag. If
omitted, the rule applies to all instances in the network.

Tags can be assigned to instances during instance creation.

Setting this will override the existing target tags for the firewall. The
following will clear the existing target tags:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute firewall\-rules update MY\-RULE \-\-target\-tags
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
