
.TH "GCLOUD_APP_INSTANCES_SCP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud app instances scp \- SCP from or to the VM of an App Engine Flexible instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud app instances scp\fR [\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fISRC\fR [[\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fISRC\fR\ ...] [\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fIDEST\fR \fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR \fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-compress\fR] [\fB\-\-recurse\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud app instances scp\fR lets you remotely copy files to or from an App
Engine Flexible instance.

\fBgcloud app instances scp\fR resolves the instance's IP address and
pre\-populates the VM with a public key managed by gcloud. If the gcloud managed
key pair does not exist, it is generated the first time an SSH command is run,
which may prompt you for a passphrase for the private key encryption.

All SSH commands require the OpenSSH client suite to be installed on Linux and
Mac OS X. On Windows, the Cloud SDK comes with a bundled PuTTY suite instead, so
it has no external dependencies.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fISRC\fR [[\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fISRC\fR ...]
Specifies the files to copy.

.TP 2m
[\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fIDEST\fR
Specifies a destination for the source files.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
The service ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
The version ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-compress\fR
Enable compression.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-recurse\fR
Upload directories recursively.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To copy one file from a remote instance to the local machine, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app instances scp \-\-service s1 \-\-version v1 \e
  i1:remote_file local_file
.RE

To copy several local files to a remote instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app instances scp \-\-service s1 \-\-version v1 local_1 \e
  local_1 i1:remote_dir
.RE

To use recursive copy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app instances scp \-\-service s1 \-\-version v1 \e
  \-\-recurse local_dir i1:remote_dir
.RE
