
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed create \- create a Compute Engine managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR \fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR [\fB\-\-base\-instance\-name\fR=\fIBASE_INSTANCE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-pool\fR=[\fITARGET_POOL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed create\fR creates a Google Compute
Engine managed instance group.

For example, running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed create \e
example\-managed\-instance\-group \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
\-\-template example\-instance\-template \-\-size 1
.RE

will create one managed instance group called
\'example\-managed\-instance\-group' in the \f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR zone.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the managed instance group to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR
The initial number of instances you want in this group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR
Specifies the instance template to use when creating new instances.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-base\-instance\-name\fR=\fIBASE_INSTANCE_NAME\fR
The base name to use for the Compute Engine instances that will be created with
the managed instance group. If not provided base instance name will be the
prefix of instance group name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional description for this group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-pool\fR=[\fITARGET_POOL\fR,...]
Specifies any target pools you want the instances of this managed instance group
to be part of.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the managed instance group to create. If not specified, you will
be prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the managed instance group to create. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
