
.TH "GCLOUD_DEBUG_SNAPSHOTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud debug snapshots describe \- describe debug snapshots



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud debug snapshots describe\fR [\fIID\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command describes debug snapshots for a Cloud Debugger debug target. If the
snapshot has been completed, the output will include details on the stack trace
and local variables, stored in a compact form which is primarily intended to be
machine\-readable rather than human\-readable.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIID\fR ...]
Zero or more snapshot resource identifiers. The specified snapshots will be
displayed.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR
A regular expression to match against snapshot locations. All snapshots matching
this value will be displayed. You may specify \-\-location multiple times.

EXAMPLE:

.RS 2m
gcloud debug snapshots describe \e
    \-\-location foo.py:[1\-3] \-\-location bar.py:4
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)
The debug target. It may be a target ID or name obtained from 'debug targets
list', or it may be a regular expression uniquely specifying a debuggee based on
its description or name. For App Engine projects, if not specified, the default
target is the most recent deployment of the default module and version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
