
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_PROJECT\-INFO_ADD\-METADATA" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute project\-info add\-metadata \- add or update project\-wide metadata



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute project\-info add\-metadata\fR [\fB\-\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute project\-info add\-metadata\fR can be used to add or update
project\-wide metadata. Every instance has access to a metadata server that can
be used to query metadata that has been set through this tool. Project\-wide
metadata entries are visible to all instances. To set metadata for individual
instances, use \f5gcloud compute instances add\-metadata\fR. For information on
metadata, see https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/metadata

Only metadata keys that are provided are mutated. Existing metadata entries will
remain unaffected.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Metadata to be made available to the guest operating system running on the
instances. Each metadata entry is a key/value pair separated by an equals sign.
Metadata keys must be unique and less than 128 bytes in length. Values must be
less than or equal to 32,768 bytes in length. Multiple arguments can be passed
to this flag, e.g., \f5\fI\-\-metadata
key\-1=value\-1,key\-2=value\-2,key\-3=value\-3\fR\fR.

In images that have Compute Engine tools installed on them, such as the official
images (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images), the following metadata
keys have special meanings:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBstartup\-script\fR
Specifies a script that will be executed by the instances once they start
running. For convenience, \f5\fI\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR\fR can be used to
pull the value from a file.

.TP 2m
\fBstartup\-script\-url\fR
Same as \f5\fIstartup\-script\fR\fR except that the script contents are pulled
from a publicly\-accessible location on the web.


.RE
.RE
.sp
At least one of [\-\-metadata] or [\-\-metadata\-from\-file] is required.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR,...]
Same as \f5\fI\-\-metadata\fR\fR except that the value for the entry will be
read from a local file. This is useful for values that are too large such as
\f5\fIstartup\-script\fR\fR contents.


.RE
.sp
At least one of [\-\-metadata] or [\-\-metadata\-from\-file] is required.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
