
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_KEYS_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms keys remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove an IAM policy binding from a key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms keys remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIKEY\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Removes an IAM policy binding from the given key.

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEY\fR
Name of the key from which to remove a policy binding.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add to the binding. Should be of the form \f5user:user_email\fR
(e.g. \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com.\fR)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
The containing keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the requested resource.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will remove an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on the key \f5frodo\fR with
the keyring \f5fellowship\fR and location \f5global\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys remove\-iam\-policy\-binding frodo \e
    \-\-keyring fellowship \-\-location global \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE
