
.TH "GCLOUD_APP_OPEN\-CONSOLE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud app open\-console \- open the App Engine dashboard, or log viewer, in a web browser



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud app open\-console\fR [\fB\-\-logs\fR,\ \fB\-l\fR] [\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR,\ \fB\-s\fR\ \fISERVICE\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR,\ \fB\-v\fR\ \fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Open the App Engine dashboard, or log viewer, in a web browser.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-logs\fR, \fB\-l\fR
Open the log viewer instead of the App Engine dashboard.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR, \fB\-s\fR \fISERVICE\fR
The service to consider. If not specified, use the default service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR, \fB\-v\fR \fIVERSION\fR
The version to consider. If not specified, all versions for the given service
are considered.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Open the App Engine dashboard for the default service:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app open\-console
.RE

Open the service specific dashboard view:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app open\-console \-\-service="myService"
.RE

Open the version specific dashboard view:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app open\-console \-\-service="myService" \-\-version="v1"
.RE

Open the log viewer for the default service:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app open\-console \-\-logs
.RE
