
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TARGET\-TCP\-PROXIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute target\-tcp\-proxies update \- update a target TCP proxy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute target\-tcp\-proxies update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-backend\-service\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE\fR] [\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute target\-tcp\-proxies update\fR is used to change the backend
service or proxy header of existing target TCP proxies. A target TCP proxy is
referenced by one or more forwarding rules which define which packets the proxy
is responsible for routing. The target TCP proxy in turn points to a backend
service which will handle the requests.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the target TCP proxy to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backend\-service\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE\fR
A backend service that will be used for connections to the target TCP proxy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
The type of proxy protocol header to be sent to the backend. \fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBNONE\fR
No proxy header is added.
.TP 2m
\fBPROXY_V1\fR
Enables PROXY protocol (version 1) for passing client connection information.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
