
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_SUBNETS_EXPAND\-IP\-RANGE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute networks subnets expand\-ip\-range \- expand the IP range of a Google Compute Engine subnetwork



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute networks subnets expand\-ip\-range\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-prefix\-length\fR=\fIPREFIX_LENGTH\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute networks subnets expand\-ip\-range\fR is used to expand the IP
range of a subnetwork in a custom mode network.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the subnetwork to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-prefix\-length\fR=\fIPREFIX_LENGTH\fR
The new prefix length of the subnet. It must be smaller than the original and in
the private address space 10.0.0.0/8, 172.16.0.0/12 or 192.168.0.0/16 defined in
RFC 1918.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the subnetwork to operate on. If not specified, you will be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To expand the IP range of \f5\fISUBNET\fR\fR to /16, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks subnets expand\-ip\-range SUBNET \e
    \-\-region us\-central1 \-\-prefix\-length 16
.RE
