
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TARGET\-HTTP\-PROXIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute target\-http\-proxies create \- create a target HTTP proxy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute target\-http\-proxies create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-url\-map\fR=\fIURL_MAP\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute target\-http\-proxies create\fR is used to create target HTTP
proxies. A target HTTP proxy is referenced by one or more forwarding rules which
define which packets the proxy is responsible for routing. The target HTTP proxy
points to a URL map that defines the rules for routing the requests. The URL
map's job is to map URLs to backend services which handle the actual requests.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the target HTTP proxy to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-url\-map\fR=\fIURL_MAP\fR
A reference to a URL map resource that defines the mapping of URLs to backend
services. The URL map must exist and cannot be deleted while referenced by a
target HTTP proxy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the target HTTP proxy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
