
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_JOBS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc jobs update \- update the labels for a job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc jobs update\fR \fIJOB_ID\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update the labels for a job.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB_ID\fR
The ID of the job to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Specifies the Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently
ignored.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add the label 'customer=acme' to a job , run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs update job_id \-\-update\-labels=customer=acme
.RE

To update the label 'customer=ackme' to 'customer=acme', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs update job_id \-\-update\-labels=customer=acme
.RE

To remove the label whose key is 'customer', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs update job_id \-\-remove\-labels=customer
.RE
