
.TH "GCLOUD_TOPIC_FORMATS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud topic formats \- resource formats supplementary help



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Most \fBgcloud\fR commands return a list of resources on success. By default
they are pretty\-printed on the standard output. The
\fB\-\-format=\fR\fINAME\fR[\fIATTRIBUTES\fR]\fB(\fR\fIPROJECTION\fR\fB)\fR and
\fB\-\-filter=\fR\fIEXPRESSION\fR flags along with projections can be used to
format and change the default output to a more meaningful result.

To change the default output format of a command, use the \-\-format flag.
Resource formats are described in detail below.

To select resources to be listed, use the \-\-filter flag. For details run $
gcloud topic filters.

To reach resource items through a unique path of names from the root, use
resource\-keys. For details run $ gcloud topic resource\-keys.

To list a subset of resource keys in a resource, use projections. For details
run $ gcloud topic projections.



.SH "Formats"

A format expression is used to change the default output format of a command.
Many output formats are available; some for pretty printing human\-readable
output and others for returning machine\-readable output.

A format expression has 3 parts:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
\fIname\fR
.TP 2m
\fIATTRIBUTES\fR
\fB[\fR [no\-]\fIattribute\-name\fR[=\fIvalue\fR] [, ... ] \fB]\fR
.TP 2m
\fIPROJECTION\fR
\fB(\fR \fIresource\-key\fR [, ...] \fB)\fR \fINAME\fR is required,
\fIATTRIBUTES\fR are optional, and \fIPROJECTIONS\fR may be required for some
formats. Unknown attribute names are silently ignored.

.RE
.sp
Each \fBgcloud\fR \fBlist\fR command has a default format expression. The
\fB\-\-format\fR flag can alter or replace the default. For example,

.RS 2m
\-\-format='[box]'
.RE

adds box decorations to a default table, and

.RS 2m
\-\-format=json
.RE

lists the resource in \fBjson\fR format.

The formats and format specific attributes are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBconfig\fR
A dictionary of dictionaries in config style.

The format attributes are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
Display the dictionary as a list of system specific environment export commands.
.TP 2m
\fBunset\fR
Display the dictionary as a list of system specific environment unset commands.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBcsv\fR
Comma Separated Values (http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4180.txt) with no keys. This
format requires a projection to define the values to be printed.

The format attributes are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelimiter="string"\fR
The string printed between list value items, default ";".
.TP 2m
\fBno\-heading\fR
Disables the initial key name heading record.
.TP 2m
\fBseparator="string"\fR
The string printed between values, default ",".
.TP 2m
\fBterminator="string"\fR
The string printed after each record, default "\en" (newline).

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBdefault\fR
An alias for the \fByaml\fR format.

.TP 2m
\fBdiff\fR
A unified diff of the first two projection columns.

The format attributes are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBformat\fR
The format of the diffed resources. Each resource is converted to this format
and the diff of the converted resources is displayed. The default is
\'flattened'.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBdisable\fR
Disables formatted output and does not consume the resources.

.TP 2m
\fBflattened\fR
A flattened tree. Each output line contains one \fBkey\fR:\fBvalue\fR pair.

The format attributes are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBno\-pad\fR
Don't print space after the separator. The default adjusts the space to align
the values into the same output column. Use \fBno\-pad\fR for comparing resource
outputs.
.TP 2m
\fBseparator=\fISEPARATOR\fR\fR
Print \fISEPARATOR\fR between the \fBkey\fR and \fBvalue\fR. The default is ":
".

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBget\fR
Equivalent to the \fBvalue[no\-transforms]\fR format. Default transforms are not
applied to the displayed values.

.TP 2m
\fBjson\fR
JSON (http://www.json.org), JavaScript Object Notation.

The format attributes are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBno\-undefined\fR
Does not display resource data items with null values.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
An ordered list of items.

The format attributes are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBalways\-display\-title\fR
Display the title even if there are no records.
.TP 2m
\fBcompact\fR
Display all items in a record on one line.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBmulti\fR
Each projection key must have a subformat defined by the :format=FORMAT\-STRING
attribute. For example,

.RS 2m
`\-\-format="multi(data:format=json, info:format='table[box](a, b, c)')"`
.RE

formats the \fBdata\fR field as JSON and the \fBinfo\fR field as a boxed table.

.TP 2m
\fBnone\fR
Disables formatted output and consumes the resources.

.TP 2m
\fBobject\fR
Bypasses JSON\-serialization and prints the object representation of each
resource.

The format attributes are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBseparator\fR
The line printed between resources.
.TP 2m
\fBterminator\fR
The line printed after each resource.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBtable\fR
Aligned left\-adjusted columns with optional title, column headings and sorting.
This format requires a projection to define the table columns. The default
column headings are the disambiguated right hand components of the column keys
in ANGRY_SNAKE_CASE. For example, the projection keys (first.name, last.name)
produce the default column heading ('NAME', 'LAST_NAME').

If \fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIN\fR is specified then output is grouped into tables
with at most \fIN\fR rows. Headings, alignment and sorting are done per\-page.
The title, if any, is printed before the first table.

The format attributes are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbox\fR
Prints a box around the entire table and each cell, including the title if any.
.TP 2m
\fBformat=\fIFORMAT\-STRING\fR\fR
Prints the key data indented by 4 spaces using \fIFORMAT\-STRING\fR which can
reference any of the supported formats.
.TP 2m
\fBno\-heading\fR
Disables the column headings.
.TP 2m
\fBoptional\fR
Does not display the column if it is empty.
.TP 2m
\fBpad=N\fR
Sets the column horizontal pad to \fIN\fR spaces. The default is 1 for box, 2
otherwise.
.TP 2m
\fBtitle=\fITITLE\fR\fR
Prints a centered \fITITLE\fR at the top of the table, within the table box if
\fBbox\fR is enabled.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBtext\fR
An alias for the \fBflattened\fR format.

.TP 2m
\fBvalue\fR
CSV with no heading and <TAB> separator instead of <COMMA>. Used to retrieve
individual resource values. This format requires a projection to define the
value(s) to be printed.

The format attributes are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelimiter="string"\fR
The string printed between list value items, default ";".
.TP 2m
\fBquote\fR
"..." quote values that contain delimiter, separator or terminator strings.
.TP 2m
\fBseparator="string"\fR
The string printed between values, default "\et" (tab).
.TP 2m
\fBterminator="string"\fR
The string printed after each record, default "\en" (newline).

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fByaml\fR
YAML (http://www.yaml.org), YAML ain't markup language.

The format attributes are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBnull=string\fR
Display string instead of \f5null\fR for null/None values.
.TP 2m
\fBno\-undefined\fR
Does not display resource data items with null values.

.RE
.RE
.sp
All formats have these attributes:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdisable\fR
Disables formatted output and does not consume the resources.
.TP 2m
\fBprivate\fR
Disables log file output. Use this for sensitive resource data that should not
be displayed in log files. Explicit command line IO redirection overrides this
attribute.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

List a table of compute instance resources sorted by \fBname\fR with box
decorations and title \fBInstances\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \e
    \-\-format='table[box,title=Instances](name:sort=1,
 zone:title=zone, status)'
.RE

List a nested table of the quotas of a region:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions describe us\-central1 \e
    \-\-format="table(quotas:format='table(metric,limit,usage)')"
.RE

Print a flattened list of global quotas in CSV format:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute project\-info describe \-\-flatten='quotas[]' \e
    \-\-format='csv(quotas.metric,quotas.limit,quotas.usage)'
.RE

List the disk interfaces for all compute instances as a compact comma separated
list:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \e
    \-\-format='value(disks[].interface.list())'
.RE

List the URIs for all compute instances:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-format='value(uri())'
.RE

List the project authenticated user email address:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud info \-\-format='value(config.account)'
.RE

List resources filtered on repeated fields by projecting subfields on a repeated
message:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha genomics readgroupsets list \e
    \-\-format 'default(readGroups[].name)'
.RE

Return the scope of the current instance:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list \-\-format="value(selfLink.scope())"
.RE

selfLink is a fully qualified name. (e.g.
\'https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/my\-project/zones/us\-central1\-a')
The previous example returns a list of just the names of each zone (e.g.
\'us\-central1\-a'). This is because selfLink.scope() grabs the last part of the
URL segment. To extract selfLink starting from /projects and return the scope of
the current instance:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list \e
    \-\-format="value(selfLink.scope(projects))"
.RE

List all scopes enabled for a Compute Engine instance and flatten the
multi\-valued resource:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \e
    \-\-format="flattened(name,serviceAccounts[].email,serviceAccounts\e
[].scopes[].basename())"
.RE

Display a multi\-valued resource's service account keys with the corresponding
service account, extracting just the first '/' delimited part with segment(0):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam service\-accounts keys list \e
    \-\-iam\-account \e
    svc\-2\-123@test\-minutia\-123.iam.gserviceaccount.com \e
    \-\-project test\-minutia\-123 \e
    \-\-format="table(name.scope(serviceAccounts).segment(0):label='se\e
rvice Account',name.scope(keys):label='keyID',validAfterTime)"
.RE

The last example returns a table with service account names without their full
paths, keyID and validity.
