
.TH "GCLOUD_APP_LOGS_READ" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud app logs read \- reads log entries for the current App Engine app



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud app logs read\fR [\fB\-\-level\fR=\fILEVEL\fR;\ default="any"] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR;\ default="200"] [\fB\-\-logs\fR=\fIAPP_LOG\fR,[\fIAPP_LOG\fR,...];\ default="stderr,stdout,crash.log,nginx.request,request_log"] [\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR,\ \fB\-s\fR\ \fISERVICE\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR,\ \fB\-v\fR\ \fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Display the latest log entries from stdout, stderr and crash log for the current
Google App Engine app in a human readable format.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-level\fR=\fILEVEL\fR; default="any"
Filter entries with severity equal to or higher than a given level. \fILEVEL\fR
must be one of: \fBcritical\fR, \fBerror\fR, \fBwarning\fR, \fBinfo\fR,
\fBdebug\fR, \fBany\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR; default="200"
Number of log entries to show.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-logs\fR=\fIAPP_LOG\fR,[\fIAPP_LOG\fR,...]; default="stderr,stdout,crash.log,nginx.request,request_log"
Filter entries from a particular set of logs. Must be a comma\-separated list of
log names (request_log, stdout, stderr, etc).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR, \fB\-s\fR \fISERVICE\fR
Limit to specific service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR, \fB\-v\fR \fIVERSION\fR
Limit to specific version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To display the latest entries for the current app, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app logs read
.RE

To show only the entries with severity at \f5warning\fR or higher, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app logs read \-\-level=warning
.RE

To show only the entries with a specific version, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app logs read \-\-version=v1
.RE

To show only the 10 latest log entries for the default service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app logs read \-\-limit 10 \-\-service=default
.RE

To show only the logs from the request log for standard apps, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app logs read \-\-logs=request_log
.RE

To show only the logs from the request log for Flex apps, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app logs read \-\-logs=nginx.requests
.RE
