
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_ADDRESSES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute addresses create \- reserve IP addresses



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute addresses create\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-addresses\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR,[\fIADDRESS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute addresses create\fR is used to reserve one or more IP
addresses. Once an IP address is reserved, it will be associated with the
project until it is released using 'gcloud compute addresses delete'. Ephemeral
IP addresses that are in use by resources in the project can be reserved using
the \f5\-\-addresses\fR flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fINAME\fR ...]
The names of the addresses to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-addresses\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR,[\fIADDRESS\fR,...]
Ephemeral IP addresses to promote to reserved status. Only addresses that are
being used by resources in the project can be promoted. When providing this
flag, a parallel list of names for the addresses can be provided. For example,

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute addresses create ADDRESS\-1 ADDRESS\-2             \e
  \-\-addresses 162.222.181.197,162.222.181.198             \e
  \-\-region us\-central1
.RE

will result in 162.222.181.197 being reserved as 'ADDRESS\-1' and
162.222.181.198 as 'ADDRESS\-2'. If no names are given, server\-generated names
will be assigned to the IP addresses.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional textual description for the addresses.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, it is assumed the addresses are global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the addresses to create. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To reserve three IP addresses in the \f5us\-central1\fR region, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute addresses create ADDRESS\-1 ADDRESS\-2 ADDRESS\-3 \e
    \-\-region us\-central1
.RE

To reserve ephemeral IP addresses 162.222.181.198 and 23.251.146.189 which are
being used by virtual machine instances in the \f5us\-central1\fR region, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute addresses create \e
    \-\-addresses 162.222.181.198,23.251.146.189 \-\-region us\-central1
.RE

In the above invocation, the two addresses will be assigned random names.
