
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_SCP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute scp \- copy files to and from Google Compute Engine virtual machines via scp



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute scp\fR [[\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fISRC\fR [[[\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fISRC\fR\ ...] [[\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fIDEST\fR [\fB\-\-compress\fR] [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-\-force\-key\-file\-overwrite\fR] [\fB\-\-plain\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR] [\fB\-\-recurse\fR] [\fB\-\-scp\-flag\fR=\fISCP_FLAG\fR] [\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR=\fISSH_KEY_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-strict\-host\-key\-checking\fR=\fISTRICT_HOST_KEY_CHECKING\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute scp\fR copies files between a virtual machine instance and
your local machine using the scp command.

To denote a remote file, prefix the file name with the virtual machine instance
name (e.g., \fIexample\-instance\fR:~/\fIFILE\fR). To denote a local file, do
not add a prefix to the file name (e.g., ~/\fIFILE\fR). For example, to copy a
remote directory to your local host, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute scp example\-instance:~/REMOTE\-DIR ~/LOCAL\-DIR \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

In the above example, \f5\fI~/REMOTE\-DIR\fR\fR from
\f5\fIexample\-instance\fR\fR is copied into the ~/\fILOCAL\-DIR\fR directory.

Conversely, files from your local computer can be copied to a virtual machine:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute scp ~/LOCAL\-FILE\-1 ~/LOCAL\-FILE\-2 \e
    example\-instance:~/REMOTE\-DIR \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

If a file contains a colon (``:''), you must specify it by either using an
absolute path or a path that begins with ``./''.

Under the covers, \fBscp(1)\fR or pscp (on Windows) is used to facilitate the
transfer.

When the destination is local, all sources must be the same virtual machine
instance. When the destination is remote, all sources must be local.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[[\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fISRC\fR [[[\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fISRC\fR ...]
Specifies the files to copy.

.TP 2m
[[\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR:]\fIDEST\fR
Specifies a destination for the source files.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-compress\fR
Enable compression.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
If provided, prints the command that would be run to standard out instead of
executing it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\-key\-file\-overwrite\fR
If enabled gcloud will regenerate and overwrite the files associated with a
broken SSH key without asking for confirmation in both interactive and
non\-interactive environment.

If disabled gcloud will not attempt to regenerate the files associated with a
broken SSH key and fail in both interactive and non\-interactive environment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-plain\fR
Suppresses the automatic addition of \fBssh(1)\fR/\fBscp(1)\fR flags. This flag
is useful if you want to take care of authentication yourself or use specific
ssh/scp features.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR
The port to connect to.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-recurse\fR
Upload directories recursively.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scp\-flag\fR=\fISCP_FLAG\fR
Extra flag to be sent to scp. This flag may be repeated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR=\fISSH_KEY_FILE\fR
The path to the SSH key file. By default, this is
\f5\fI~/.ssh/google_compute_engine\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-strict\-host\-key\-checking\fR=\fISTRICT_HOST_KEY_CHECKING\fR
Override the default behavior of StrictHostKeyChecking. By default,
StrictHostKeyChecking is set to 'no' the first time you connect to an instance
and will be set to 'yes' for all subsequent connections. Use this flag to
specify a value for the connection. \fISTRICT_HOST_KEY_CHECKING\fR must be one
of: \fByes\fR, \fBno\fR, \fBask\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to copy files to/from.

If not specified, you may be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
