
.TH "GCLOUD_TOPIC_PROJECTIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud topic projections \- resource projections supplementary help



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Most \fBgcloud\fR commands return a list of resources on success. By default
they are pretty\-printed on the standard output. The
\fB\-\-format=\fR\fINAME\fR[\fIATTRIBUTES\fR]\fB(\fR\fIPROJECTION\fR\fB)\fR and
\fB\-\-filter=\fR\fIEXPRESSION\fR flags along with projections can be used to
format and change the default output to a more meaningful result.

To change the default output format of a command, use the \-\-format flag. For
details run $ gcloud topic formats.

To select resources to be listed, use the \-\-filter flag. For details run $
gcloud topic filters.

To reach resource items through a unique path of names from the root, use
resource\-keys. For details run $ gcloud topic resource\-keys.

To list a subset of resource keys in a resource, use projections. Resource
projections are described in detail below.



.SH "Projections"

A projection is a list of keys that selects resource data values. Projections
are used in \fB\-\-format\fR flag expressions. For example, the \fBtable\fR
format requires a projection that describes the table columns:

.RS 2m
table(name, network.ip.internal, network.ip.external, uri())
.RE


.SH "Transforms"

A \fBtransform\fR formats resource data values. Each projection key may have
zero or more transform calls:

.RS 2m
_key_._transform_([arg...])...
.RE

This example applies the \fBfoo\fR() and then the \fBbar\fR() transform to the
\fBstatus.time\fR resource value:

.RS 2m
(name, status.time.foo().bar())
.RE


The builtin transform functions are:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBalways\fR()
Marks a transform sequence to always be applied.

In some cases transforms are disabled. Prepending always() to a transform
sequence causes the sequence to always be evaluated.

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5some_field.always().foo().bar()\fR
Always applies foo() and then bar().


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBbasename\fR(undefined="")
Returns the last path component.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource or basename is empty.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBcollection\fR(undefined="")
Returns the current resource collection.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
This value is returned if r or the collection is empty.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBcolor\fR(red, yellow, green, blue)
Colorizes the resource string value.

The \fBred\fR, \fByellow\fR, \fBgreen\fR and \fBblue\fR args are RE patterns,
matched against the resource in order. The first pattern that matches colorizes
the matched substring with that color, and the other patterns are skipped.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5red\fR\fR
The substring pattern for the color red.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5yellow\fR\fR
The substring pattern for the color yellow.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5green\fR\fR
The substring pattern for the color green.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5blue\fR\fR
The substring pattern for the color blue.
.RE
.sp

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5color(red=STOP,yellow=CAUTION,green=GO)\fR
For the resource string "CAUTION means GO FASTER" displays the substring
"CAUTION" in yellow.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBcount\fR()
Counts the number of each item in the list.

A string resource is treated as a list of characters.

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5"b/a/b/c".split("/").count()\fR
Returns {a: 1, b: 2, c: 1}.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBdate\fR(format="%Y\-%m\-%dT%H:%M:%S", unit=1, undefined="", tz, tz_default)
Formats the resource as a strftime() format.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5format\fR\fR
The strftime(3) format.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5unit\fR\fR
If the resource is a Timestamp then divide by \fIunit\fR to yield seconds.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource is not a valid time.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5tz\fR\fR
Return the time relative to the tz timezone if specified, the explicit timezone
in the resource if it has one, otherwise the local timezone. For example,
...date(tz=EST5EDT, tz_default=UTC).
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5tz_default\fR\fR
The default timezone if the resource does not have a timezone suffix.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBdecode\fR(encoding, undefined="")
Returns the decoded value of the resource that was encoded by encoding.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5encoding\fR\fR
The encoding name. \fBbase64\fR and \fButf\-8\fR are supported.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the decoding fails.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBduration\fR(start="", end="", parts=3, precision=3, calendar=true, unit=1, undefined="")
Formats the resource as an ISO 8601 duration string.

The ISO 8601 Duration (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations) format
is: "[\-]P[nY][nM][nD][T[nH][nM][n[.m]S]]". The 0 duration is "P0". Otherwise at
least one part will always be displayed. Negative durations are prefixed by
"\-". "T" disambiguates months "P2M" to the left of "T" and minutes "PT5M" to
the right.

If the resource is a datetime then the duration of \f5resource \-
current_time\fR is returned.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5start\fR\fR
The name of a start time attribute in the resource. The duration of the \f5end
\- start\fR time attributes in resource is returned. If \f5end\fR is not
specified then the current time is used.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5end\fR\fR
The name of an end time attribute in the resource. Defaults to the current time
if omitted. Ignored if \f5start\fR is not specified.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5parts\fR\fR
Format at most this many duration parts starting with largest non\-zero part.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5precision\fR\fR
Format the last duration part with precision digits after the decimal point.
Trailing "0" and "." are always stripped.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5calendar\fR\fR
Allow time units larger than hours in formated durations if true. Durations
specifying hours or smaller units are exact across daylight savings time
boundaries. On by default. Use calendar=false to disable. For example, if
\f5calendar=true\fR then at the daylight savings boundary 2016\-03\-13T01:00:00
+ P1D => 2016\-03\-14T01:00:00 but 2016\-03\-13T01:00:00 + PT24H =>
2016\-03\-14T03:00:00. Similarly, a +P1Y duration will be inexact but "calendar
correct", yielding the same month and day number next year, even in leap years.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5unit\fR\fR
Divide the resource numeric value by \fIunit\fR to yield seconds.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource is not a valid timestamp.
.RE
.sp

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5duration(start=createTime,end=updateTime)\fR
The duration from resource creation to the most recent update.
.TP 2m
\f5updateTime.duration()\fR
The duration since the most recent resource update.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBencode\fR(encoding, undefined="")
Returns the encoded value of the resource using encoding.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5encoding\fR\fR
The encoding name. \fBbase64\fR and \fButf\-8\fR are supported.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the encoding fails.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBenum\fR(enums, inverse=false, undefined="")
Returns the enums dictionary description for the resource.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5enums\fR\fR
The name of a message enum dictionary.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5inverse\fR\fR
Do inverse lookup if true.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if there is no matching enum description.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBerror\fR(message)
Raises an Error exception that does not generate a stack trace.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5message\fR\fR
An error message. If not specified then the resource is formatted as the error
message.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBextract\fR(keys)
Extract an ordered list of values from the resource for the specified keys.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5keys\fR\fR
The list of keys in the resource whose associated values will be included in the
result.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBfatal\fR(message)
Raises an InternalError exception that generates a stack trace.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5message\fR\fR
An error message. If not specified then the resource is formatted as the error
message.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBfirstof\fR(keys)
Returns the first non\-empty attribute value for key in keys.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5keys\fR\fR
Keys to check for resource attribute values,
.RE
.sp

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5x.firstof(bar_foo, barFoo, BarFoo, BAR_FOO)\fR
Checks x.bar_foo, x.barFoo, x.BarFoo, and x.BAR_FOO in order for the first
non\-empty value.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBfloat\fR(precision=6, spec, undefined="")
Returns the string representation of a floating point number.

One of these formats is used (1) ". \fIprecision\fR \fIspec\fR" if \fIspec\fR is
specified (2) ". \fIprecision\fR" unless 1e\-04 <= abs(number) < 1e+09 (3) ".1f"
otherwise.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5precision\fR\fR
The maximum number of digits before and after the decimal point.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5spec\fR\fR
The printf(3) floating point format "e", "f" or "g" spec character.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource is not a float.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBformat\fR(fmt, args)
Formats resource key values.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5fmt\fR\fR
The format string with {0} ... {nargs\-1} references to the resource attribute
name arg values.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5args\fR\fR
The resource attribute key expression to format. The printer projection symbols
and aliases may be used in key expressions. If no args are specified then the
resource is used as the arg list if it is a list, otherwise the resource is used
as the only arg.
.RE
.sp

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5\-\-format='value(format("{0:f.1}/{1:f.1}", q.CPU.default, q.CPU.limit))'\fR
Formats q.CPU.default and q.CPU.limit as floating point numbers.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBgroup\fR(keys)
Formats a [...] grouped list.

Each group is enclosed in [...]. The first item separator is ':', subsequent
separators are ','. [item1] [item1] ... [item1: item2] ... [item1: item2]
[item1: item2, item3] ... [item1: item2, item3]

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5keys\fR\fR
Optional attribute keys to select from the list. Otherwise the string value of
each list item is selected.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBif\fR(expr)
Disables the projection key if the flag name filter expr is false.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5expr\fR\fR
A command flag filter name expression. See \f5gcloud topic filters\fR for
details on filter expressions. The expression variables are flag names without
the leading \fB\-\-\fR prefix and dashes replaced by underscores.
.RE
.sp

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5table(name, value.if(NOT short_format))\fR
Lists a value column if the \fB\-\-short\-format\fR command line flag is not
specified.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBiso\fR(undefined="T")
Formats the resource to numeric ISO time format.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource does not have an isoformat() attribute.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBjoin\fR(sep="/", undefined="")
Joins the elements of the resource list by the value of sep.

A string resource is treated as a list of characters.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5sep\fR\fR
The separator value to use when joining.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the result after joining is empty.
.RE
.sp

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5"a/b/c/d".split("/").join("!")\fR
Returns "a!b!c!d".


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBlen\fR()
Returns the length of the resource if it is non\-empty, 0 otherwise.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR(show="", undefined="", separator=",")
Formats a dict or list into a compact comma separated list.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5show\fR\fR
If show=\fBkeys\fR then list dict keys; if show=\fBvalues\fR then list dict
values; otherwise list dict key=value pairs.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Return this if the resource is empty.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5separator\fR\fR
The list item separator string.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBmap\fR(depth=1)
Applies the next transform in the sequence to each resource list item.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5depth\fR\fR
The list nesting depth.
.RE
.sp

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5list_field.map().foo().list()\fR
Applies foo() to each item in list_field and then list() to the resulting value
to return a compact comma\-separated list.
.TP 2m
\f5list_field.map().foo().map().bar()\fR
Applies foo() to each item in list_field and then bar() to each item in the
resulting list.
.TP 2m
\f5abc.xyz.map(2).foo()\fR
Applies foo() to each item in xyz[] for all items in abc[].


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBnotnull\fR()
Remove null values from the resource list.

.TP 2m
\fBresolution\fR(undefined="", transpose=false)
Formats a human readable XY resolution.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if a recognizable resolution was not found.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5transpose\fR\fR
Returns the y/x resolution if true.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBscope\fR(args)
Gets the /args/ suffix from a URI.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5args\fR\fR
Optional URI segment names. If not specified then 'regions', 'zones' is assumed.
.RE
.sp

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5"https://abc/foo/projects/bar/xyz".scope("projects")\fR
Returns "bar/xyz".
.TP 2m
\f5"https://xyz/foo/regions/abc".scope()\fR
Returns "abc".


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBsegment\fR(index=\-1, undefined="")
Returns the index\-th URI path segment.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5index\fR\fR
The path segment index to return counting from 0.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource or segment index is empty.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBsize\fR(zero="0", precision=1, units_in, units_out, min=0)
Formats a human readable size in bytes.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5zero\fR\fR
Returns this if size==0. Ignored if None.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5precision\fR\fR
The number of digits displayed after the decimal point.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5units_in\fR\fR
A unit suffix (only the first character is checked) or unit size. The size is
multiplied by this. The default is 1.0.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5units_out\fR\fR
A unit suffix (only the first character is checked) or unit size. The size is
divided by this. The default is 1.0.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5min\fR\fR
Sizes < \fImin\fR will be listed as "< \fImin\fR".
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBslice\fR(op=":", undefined="")
Returns a list slice specified by op.

The op parameter consists of up to three colon\-delimeted integers: start, end,
and step. The parameter supports half\-open ranges: start and end values can be
omitted, representing the first and last positions of the resource respectively.

The step value represents the increment between items in the resource included
in the slice. A step of 2 results in a slice that contains every other item in
the resource.

Negative values for start and end indicate that the positons should start from
the last position of the resource. A negative value for step indicates that the
slice should contain items in reverse order.

If op contains no colons, the slice consists of the single item at the specified
position in the resource.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5op\fR\fR
The slice operation.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the slice cannot be created, or the resulting slice is
empty.
.RE
.sp

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5[1,2,3].slice(1:)\fR
Returns [2,3].
.TP 2m
\f5[1,2,3].slice(:2)\fR
Returns [1,2].
.TP 2m
\f5[1,2,3].slice(\-1:)\fR
Returns [3].
.TP 2m
\f5[1,2,3].slice(: :\-1)\fR
Returns [3,2,1].
.TP 2m
\f5[1,2,3].slice(1)\fR
Returns [2].


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBsort\fR(attr="")
Sorts the elements of the resource list by a given attribute (or itself).

A string resource is treated as a list of characters.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5attr\fR\fR
The optional field of an object or dict by which to sort.
.RE
.sp

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5"b/a/d/c".split("/").sort()\fR
Returns "[a, b, c, d]".


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBsplit\fR(sep="/", undefined="")
Splits a string by the value of sep.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5sep\fR\fR
The separator value to use when splitting.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the result after splitting is empty.
.RE
.sp

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5"a/b/c/d".split()\fR
Returns ["a", "b", "c", "d"].


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBsub\fR(pattern, replacement, count=0, ignorecase=true)
Replaces a pattern matched in a string with the given replacement.

Return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non\-overlapping
occurrences of pattern in the string by replacement. If the pattern isn't found,
then the original string is returned unchanged.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5pattern\fR\fR
The regular expression pattern to match in r that we want to replace with
something.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5replacement\fR\fR
The value to substitute into whatever pattern is matched.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5count\fR\fR
The max number of pattern occurrences to be replaced. Must be non\-negative. If
omitted or zero, all occurrences will be replaces.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5ignorecase\fR\fR
Whether to perform case\-insensitive matching.
.RE
.sp

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5table(field.sub(" there", ""))\fR
If the field string is "hey there" it will be displayed as "hey".


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBsynthesize\fR(args)
Synthesizes a new resource from the schema arguments.

A list of tuple arguments controls the resource synthesis. Each tuple is a
schema that defines the synthesis of one resource list item. Each schema item
defines the synthesis of one synthesized_resource attribute from an
original_resource attribute.

There are three kinds of schema items:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBname:literal\fR
The value for the name attribute in the synthesized resource is the literal
value.
.TP 2m
\fBname=key\fR
The value for the name attribute in the synthesized_resource is the value of key
in the original_resource.
.TP 2m
\fBkey\fR
All the attributes of the value of key in the original_resource are added to the
attributes in the synthesized_resource.
.RE
.sp

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5args\fR\fR
The list of schema tuples.
.RE
.sp

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
This returns a list of two resource items
\f5synthesize((name:up, upInfo), (name:down, downInfo))\fR
.TP 2m
If upInfo and downInfo serialize to
\f5{"foo": 1, "bar": "yes"}\fR
.TP 2m
and
\f5{"foo": 0, "bar": "no"}\fR
.TP 2m
then the synthesized resource list is
\f5[{"name": "up", "foo": 1, "bar": "yes"}, {"name": "down", "foo": 0, "bar":
"no"}]\fR
.TP 2m
This could then be displayed by a nested table using
\f5synthesize(...):format="table(name, foo, bar)"\fR


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBuri\fR(undefined=".")
Gets the resource URI.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this if a the URI for r cannot be determined.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fByesno\fR(yes, no="No")
Returns no if the resource is empty, yes or the resource itself otherwise.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5yes\fR\fR
If the resource is not empty then returns \fIyes\fR or the resource itself if
\fIyes\fR is not defined.
.RE
.sp
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5no\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource is empty.
.RE
.sp


.RE
.sp
The cloudbuild transform functions are:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbuild_images\fR(undefined="")
Returns the formatted build results images.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource cannot be formatted.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBbuild_source\fR(undefined="")
Returns the formatted build source.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource cannot be formatted.
.RE
.sp


.RE
.sp
The compute transform functions are:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBfirewall_rule\fR(undefined="")
Returns a compact string describing a firewall rule.

The compact string is a comma\-separated list of PROTOCOL:PORT_RANGE items. If a
particular protocol has no port ranges then only the protocol is listed.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource cannot be formatted.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBimage_alias\fR(undefined="")
Returns a comma\-separated list of alias names for an image.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource cannot be formatted.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBlocation\fR(undefined="")
Return the region or zone name.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource cannot be formatted.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBlocation_scope\fR(undefined="")
Return the location scope name, either region or zone.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource cannot be formatted.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBmachine_type\fR()
Return the formatted name for a machine type.

.TP 2m
\fBnext_maintenance\fR(undefined="")
Returns the timestamps of the next scheduled maintenance.

All timestamps are assumed to be ISO strings in the same timezone.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource cannot be formatted.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBoperation_http_status\fR(undefined="")
Returns the HTTP response code of an operation.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if there is no response code.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBproject\fR(undefined="")
Returns a project name from a selfLink.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource cannot be formatted.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBquota\fR(undefined="")
Formats a quota as usage/limit.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource cannot be formatted.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBstatus\fR(undefined="")
Returns the machine status with deprecation information if applicable.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource cannot be formatted.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fBzone\fR(undefined="")
Returns a zone name from a selfLink.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource cannot be formatted.
.RE
.sp


.RE
.sp
The container transform functions are:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmaster_version\fR(undefined="")
Returns the formatted master version.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource cannot be formatted.
.RE
.sp


.RE
.sp
The debug transform functions are:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBfull_status\fR(undefined="UNKNOWN_ERROR")
Returns a full description of the status of a logpoint or snapshot.

Status will be one of ACTIVE, COMPLETED, or a verbose error description. If the
status is an error, there will be additional information available in the status
field of the object.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource is not a valid status.
.RE
.sp

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5\-\-format="table(id, location, full_status())"\fR
Displays the full status in the third table problem.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBshort_status\fR(undefined="UNKNOWN_ERROR")
Returns a short description of the status of a logpoint or snapshot.

Status will be one of ACTIVE, COMPLETED, or a short error description. If the
status is an error, there will be additional information available in the status
field of the object.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource is not a valid status.
.RE
.sp

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5\-\-format="table(id, location, short_status())"\fR
Displays the short status in the third table problem.


.RE
.RE
.sp
The functions transform functions are:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBtrigger\fR(undefined="")
Returns textual information about functions trigger.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource cannot be formatted.
.RE
.sp


.RE
.sp
The runtime_config transform functions are:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBwaiter_status\fR(undefined="")
Returns a short description of the status of a waiter or waiter operation.

Status will be one of WAITING, SUCCESS, FAILURE, or TIMEOUT.

The arguments are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\f5undefined\fR\fR
Returns this value if the resource status cannot be determined.
.RE
.sp

For example:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\f5\-\-format="table(name, status())"\fR
Displays the status in table column two.



.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "Key Attributes"

Key attributes control formatted output. Each projection key may have zero or
more attributes:

.RS 2m
_key_:_attribute_=_value_...
.RE

where =\fIvalue\fR is omitted for Boolean attributes and no\-\fIattribute\fR
sets the attribute to false. Attribute values may appear in any order, but must
be specified after any transform calls. The attributes are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBalias\fR=\fIALIAS\-NAME\fR
Sets \fIALIAS\-NAME\fR as an alias for the projection key.

.TP 2m
\fBalign\fR=\fIALIGNMENT\fR
Specifies the output column data alignment. Used by the \fBtable\fR format. The
alignment values are:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBleft\fR
Left (default).

.TP 2m
\fBcenter\fR
Center.

.TP 2m
\fBright\fR
Right.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBlabel\fR=\fILABEL\fR
A string value used to label output. Use :label="" or :label='' for no label.
The \fBtable\fR format uses \fILABEL\fR values as column headings. Also sets
\fILABEL\fR as an alias for the projection key. The default label is the
disambiguated right hand parts of the column key name in ANGRY_SNAKE_CASE.

.TP 2m
[no\-]\fBreverse\fR
Sets the key sort order to descending. \fBno\-reverse\fR resets to the default
ascending order.

.TP 2m
\fBsort\fR=\fISORT\-ORDER\fR
An integer counting from 1. Keys with lower sort\-order are sorted first. Keys
with same sort order are sorted left to right.

.TP 2m
\fBwrap\fR
Enables the column text to be wrapped if the table would otherwise be too wide
for the display.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

List a table of instance \fBzone\fR (sorted in descending order) and \fBname\fR
(sorted by \fBname\fR and centered with column heading \fBINSTANCE\fR) and
\fBcreationTimestamp\fR (listed using the \fBstrftime\fR(3) year\-month\-day
format with column heading \fBSTART\fR):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \e
    \-\-format='table(name:sort=2:align=center:label=INSTANCE,
 zone:sort=1:reverse,
 creationTimestamp.date("%Y\-%m\-%d"):label=START)'
.RE

List only the \fBname\fR, \fBstatus\fR and \fBzone\fR instance resource keys in
YAML format:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-format='yaml(name, status, zone)'
.RE

List only the \fBconfig.account\fR key value(s) in the \fBinfo\fR resource:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud info \-\-format='value(config.account)'
.RE
