
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAFLOW_JOBS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataflow jobs list \- lists all jobs in a particular project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataflow jobs list\fR [\fB\-\-created\-after\fR=\fICREATED_AFTER\fR] [\fB\-\-created\-before\fR=\fICREATED_BEFORE\fR] [\fB\-\-status\fR=\fISTATUS\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

By default, jobs in the current project are listed; this can be overridden with
the gcloud \-\-project flag.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-created\-after\fR=\fICREATED_AFTER\fR
Filter the jobs to those created after the given time

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-created\-before\fR=\fICREATED_BEFORE\fR
Filter the jobs to those created before the given time

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-status\fR=\fISTATUS\fR
Filter the jobs to those with the selected status. \fISTATUS\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBactive\fR
Filters the jobs that are running ordered on the creation timestamp.
.TP 2m
\fBall\fR
Returns running jobs first, ordered on creation timestamp, then, returns all
terminated jobs ordered on the termination timestamp.
.TP 2m
\fBterminated\fR
Filters the jobs that have a terminated state, ordered on the termination
timestamp. Example terminated states: Done, Updated, Cancelled, etc.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Filter jobs with the given name:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataflow jobs list \-\-filter="name=my\-wordcount"
.RE
