
.TH "GCLOUD_INIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud init \- initialize or reinitialize gcloud



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud init\fR [\fB\-\-console\-only\fR] [\fB\-\-skip\-diagnostics\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

gcloud init launches an interactive Getting Started workflow for gcloud. It
performs the following setup steps:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Authorizes gcloud and other SDK tools to access Google Cloud Platform using your
user account credentials, or lets you select from accounts whose credentials are
already available.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Sets properties in a gcloud configuration, including the current project and the
default Google Compute Engine region and zone.
.RE
.sp

gcloud init can be used for initial setup of gcloud and to create new or
reinitialize gcloud configurations. More information can be found by running
\f5gcloud topic configurations\fR.

Properties set by gcloud init are local and persistend, and are not affected by
remote changes to the project. For example, the default Compute Engine zone in
your configuration remains stable, even if you or another user changes the
project\-level default zone in the Cloud Platform Console.

To sync the configuration, re\-run gcloud init



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-console\-only\fR
Prevent the command from launching a browser for authorization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-skip\-diagnostics\fR
Do not run diagnostics.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
