
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_JOBS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc jobs \- submit and manage Google Cloud Dataproc jobs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc jobs\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Submit and manage Google Cloud Dataproc jobs.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Specifies the Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBsubmit\fR
Submit Google Cloud Dataproc jobs to execute on a cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete the record of an inactive job.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
View the details of a job.

.TP 2m
\fBkill\fR
Kill an active job.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List jobs in a project.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
Update the labels for a job.

.TP 2m
\fBwait\fR
View the output of a job as it runs or after it completes.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To learn about the types of jobs that can be submitted, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit
.RE

To view the output of a job as it runs, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs wait job_id
.RE

To cancel an active job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs kill job_id
.RE

To view the details of a job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs describe job_id
.RE

To see the list of all jobs, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs list
.RE

To delete the record of an inactive job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs delete job_id
.RE
