
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPONENTS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud components update \- update all of your installed components to the latest version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud components update\fR [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Ensure that the latest version of all installed components is installed on the
local workstation.

The command lists all components it is about to update, and asks for
confirmation before proceeding.

By default, this command will update all components to their latest version.
This can be configured by using the \-\-version flag to choose a specific
version to update to. This version may also be a version older than the one that
is currently installed.

You can see your current Cloud SDK version by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud version
.RE



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
An optional Cloud SDK version to update your components to. By default,
components are updated to the latest available version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update all installed components to the latest version:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud components update
.RE

To update all installed components to version 1.2.3:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud components update \-\-version 1.2.3
.RE
