
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_STOP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances stop \- stop a virtual machine instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances stop\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR [\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-discard\-local\-ssd\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances stop\fR is used stop a Google Compute Engine virtual
machine. Stopping a VM performs a clean shutdown, much like invoking the
shutdown functionality of a workstation or laptop. Stopping a VM with a local
SSD is not supported and will result in an API error.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR [\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR ...]
The names of the instances to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-discard\-local\-ssd\fR
If provided, local SSD data is discarded.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instances to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then
be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
