
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_UPDATE\-BACKEND" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute backend\-services update\-backend \- update an existing backend in a backend service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute backend\-services update\-backend\fR \fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-instance\-group\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP\fR [\fB\-\-balancing\-mode\fR=\fIBALANCING_MODE\fR] [\fB\-\-capacity\-scaler\fR=\fICAPACITY_SCALER\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-utilization\fR=\fIMAX_UTILIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-instance\-group\-region\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_REGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-instance\-group\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-connections\fR=\fIMAX_CONNECTIONS\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-max\-connections\-per\-instance\fR=\fIMAX_CONNECTIONS_PER_INSTANCE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-max\-rate\fR=\fIMAX_RATE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR=\fIMAX_RATE_PER_INSTANCE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute backend\-services update\-backend\fR updates a backend that is
part of a backend service. This is useful for changing the way a backend
behaves. Example changes that can be made include changing the load balancing
policy and \f5draining\fR a backend by setting its capacity scaler to zero.

Backends are named by their associated instances groups, and one of the
\f5\-\-group\fR or \f5\-\-instance\-group\fR flags is required to identify the
backend that you are modifying. You cannot "change" the instance group
associated with a backend, but you can accomplish something similar with
\f5backend\-services remove\-backend\fR and \f5backend\-services
add\-backend\fR.

\f5gcloud compute backend\-services edit\fR can also be used to update a backend
if the use of a text editor is desired.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR
The name of the backend service to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP\fR
The name of the instance group to update the backend service.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-balancing\-mode\fR=\fIBALANCING_MODE\fR
Defines the strategy for balancing load.

\fBRATE\fR and the max rate arguments are available only in backend services
with HTTP based protocols.

For backend services with TCP/SSL protocol either \fBUTILIZATION\fR or
\fBCONNECTION\fR are available.

\fIBALANCING_MODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBCONNECTION\fR
Spreads load based on how many concurrent connections the group can handle.
There are two ways to specify max connections: \fB\-\-max\-connections\fR which
defines the max number of connections for the whole group or
\fB\-\-max\-connections\-per\-instance\fR, which defines the max number of
connections on a per\-instance basis.
.TP 2m
\fBRATE\fR
Spreads load based on how many requests per second (RPS) the group can handle.
There are two ways to specify max RPS: \fB\-\-max\-rate\fR which defines the max
RPS for the whole group or \fB\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR, which defines the
max RPS on a per\-instance basis.
.TP 2m
\fBUTILIZATION\fR
Relies on the CPU utilization of the instances in the group when balancing load.
Use \fB\-\-max\-utilization\fR to set a maximum target CPU utilization for each
instance. Use \fB\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR or \fB\-\-max\-rate\fR to
optionally limit based on RPS in addition to CPU. You can optionally also limit
based on connections (for TCP/SSL) in addition to CPU by setting
\fB\-\-max\-connections\fR or \fB\-\-max\-connections\-per\-instance\fR.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-capacity\-scaler\fR=\fICAPACITY_SCALER\fR
A setting that applies to all balancing modes. This value is multiplied by the
balancing mode value to set the current max usage of the instance group.
Acceptable values are \f50.0\fR (0%) through \f51.0\fR (100%). Setting this
value to \f50.0\fR (0%) drains the backend service. Note that draining a backend
service only prevents new connections to instances in the group. All existing
connections are allowed to continue until they close by normal means.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the backend.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-utilization\fR=\fIMAX_UTILIZATION\fR
The maximum average CPU utilization of the backend service. Acceptable values
are \f50.0\fR (0%) through \f51.0\fR (100%). This flag can only be provided when
the balancing mode is \fBUTILIZATION\fR.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, it is assumed the backend service is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the backend service to operate on. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\-region\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_REGION\fR
The region of the instance group to update the backend service. If not
specified, you will be prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_ZONE\fR
The zone of the instance group to update the backend service. If not specified,
you may be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-connections\fR=\fIMAX_CONNECTIONS\fR
Maximum concurrent connections that the group can handle.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-connections\-per\-instance\fR=\fIMAX_CONNECTIONS_PER_INSTANCE\fR
The maximum concurrent connections per\-instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-rate\fR=\fIMAX_RATE\fR
Maximum number of requests per second that can be sent to the instance group.
Must not be used with Autoscaled Managed Instance Groups. \f5\-\-max\-rate\fR
and \f5\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR are mutually exclusive. However, one of
them can be set even if \f5\-\-balancing\-mode\fR is set to \f5UTILIZATION\fR.
If either \f5\-\-max\-rate\fR or \f5\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR is set and
\f5\-\-balancing\-mode\fR is set to \f5RATE\fR, then only that value is
considered when judging capacity. If either \f5\-\-max\-rate\fR or
\f5\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR is set and \f5\-\-balancing\-mode\fR is set
to \f5UTILIZATION\fR, then instances are judged to be at capacity when either
the \f5UTILIZATION\fR or \f5RATE\fR value is reached.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR=\fIMAX_RATE_PER_INSTANCE\fR
Maximum number of requests per second that can be sent to each instance in the
instance group. \f5\-\-max\-rate\fR and \f5\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR are
mutually exclusive. However, one of them can be set even if
\f5\-\-balancing\-mode\fR is set to \f5UTILIZATION\fR. If either
\f5\-\-max\-rate\fR or \f5\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR is set and
\f5\-\-balancing\-mode\fR is set to \f5RATE\fR, then only that value is
considered when judging capacity. If either \f5\-\-max\-rate\fR or
\f5\-\-max\-rate\-per\-instance\fR is set and \f5\-\-balancing\-mode\fR is set
to \f5UTILIZATION\fR, then instances are judged to be at capacity when either
the \f5UTILIZATION\fR or \f5RATE\fR value is reached.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
