
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_HEALTH\-CHECKS_UPDATE_TCP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute health\-checks update tcp \- update a TCP health check



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute health\-checks update tcp\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR] [\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR] [\fB\-\-request\fR=\fIREQUEST\fR] [\fB\-\-response\fR=\fIRESPONSE\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR] [\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute health\-checks update tcp\fR is used to update an existing TCP
health check. Only arguments passed in will be updated on the health check.
Other attributes will remain unaffected.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the TCP health check to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR
How often to perform a health check for an instance. For example, specifying
\f5\fI10s\fR\fR will run the check every 10 seconds. Valid units for this flag
are ``s'' for seconds and ``m'' for minutes.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A textual description for the TCP health check. Pass in an empty string to
unset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR
The number of consecutive successful health checks before an unhealthy instance
is marked as healthy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR
The TCP port number that this health check monitors.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR
The port name that this health check monitors. By default, this is empty.
Setting this to an empty string will clear any existing port\-name value.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
The type of proxy protocol header to be sent to the backend. \fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBNONE\fR
No proxy header is added.
.TP 2m
\fBPROXY_V1\fR
Adds the header "PROXY UNKNOWN\er\en".

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-request\fR=\fIREQUEST\fR
An optional string of up to 1024 characters to send once the health check TCP
connection has been established. The health checker then looks for a reply of
the string provided in the \f5\-\-response\fR field.

If \f5\-\-response\fR is not configured, the health checker does not wait for a
response and regards the probe as successful if the TCP or SSL handshake was
successful.

Setting this to an empty string will clear any existing request value.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-response\fR=\fIRESPONSE\fR
An optional string of up to 1024 characters that the health checker expects to
receive from the instance. If the response is not received exactly, the health
check probe fails. If \f5\-\-response\fR is configured, but not
\f5\-\-request\fR, the health checker will wait for a response anyway. Unless
your system automatically sends out a message in response to a successful
handshake, only configure \f5\-\-response\fR to match an explicit
\f5\-\-request\fR. Setting this to an empty string will clear any existing
response value.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR
If Google Compute Engine doesn't receive a healthy response from the instance by
the time specified by the value of this flag, the health check request is
considered a failure. For example, specifying \f5\fI10s\fR\fR will cause the
check to wait for 10 seconds before considering the request a failure. Valid
units for this flag are ``s'' for seconds and ``m'' for minutes.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR
The number of consecutive health check failures before a healthy instance is
marked as unhealthy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
