
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms \- manage cryptographic keys in the cloud



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

The gcloud kms command group lets you generate, use, rotate and destroy Google
Cloud KMS keys.

Cloud KMS is a cloud\-hosted key management service that lets you manage
encryption for your cloud services the same way you do on\-premises. You can
generate, use, rotate and destroy AES256 encryption keys. Cloud KMS is
integrated with IAM and Cloud Audit Logging so that you can manage permissions
on individual keys, and monitor how these are used. Use Cloud KMS to protect
secrets and other sensitive data which you need to store in Google Cloud
Platform.

More information on Cloud KMS can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/kms/
and detailed documentation can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBkeyrings\fR
Create and manage keyrings.

.TP 2m
\fBkeys\fR
Create and manage keys.

.TP 2m
\fBlocations\fR
View locations available for a project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdecrypt\fR
Decrypt a ciphertext file using a key.

.TP 2m
\fBencrypt\fR
Encrypt a plaintext file using a key.
.RE
.sp
