
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TARGET\-POOLS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute target\-pools create \- define a load\-balanced pool of virtual machine instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute target\-pools create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-backup\-pool\fR=\fIBACKUP_POOL\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-failover\-ratio\fR=\fIFAILOVER_RATIO\fR] [\fB\-\-health\-check\fR=\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR] [\fB\-\-http\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-session\-affinity\fR=\fISESSION_AFFINITY\fR;\ default="NONE"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute target\-pools create\fR is used to create a target pool. A
target pool resource defines a group of instances that can receive incoming
traffic from forwarding rules. When a forwarding rule directs traffic to a
target pool, Google Compute Engine picks an instance from the target pool based
on a hash of the source and destination IP addresses and ports. For more
information on load balancing, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load\-balancing\-and\-autoscaling/

To add instances to a target pool, use 'gcloud compute target\-pools
add\-instances'.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the target pool.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backup\-pool\fR=\fIBACKUP_POOL\fR
Together with \f5\fI\-\-failover\-ratio\fR\fR, this flag defines the fallback
behavior of the target pool (primary pool) to be created by this command. If the
ratio of the healthy instances in the primary pool is at or below the specified
\f5\fI\-\-failover\-ratio value\fR\fR, then traffic arriving at the
load\-balanced IP address will be directed to the backup pool. If this flag is
provided, then \f5\fI\-\-failover\-ratio\fR\fR is required.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional description of this target pool.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-failover\-ratio\fR=\fIFAILOVER_RATIO\fR
Together with \f5\fI\-\-backup\-pool\fR\fR, defines the fallback behavior of the
target pool (primary pool) to be created by this command. If the ratio of the
healthy instances in the primary pool is at or below this number, traffic
arriving at the load\-balanced IP address will be directed to the backup pool.
For example, if 0.4 is chosen as the failover ratio, then traffic will fail over
to the backup pool if more than 40% of the instances become unhealthy. If not
set, the traffic will be directed the instances in this pool in the
\f5\fIforce\fR\fR mode, where traffic will be spread to the healthy instances
with the best effort, or to all instances when no instance is healthy. If this
flag is provided, then \f5\fI\-\-backup\-pool\fR\fR is required.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-health\-check\fR=\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR
DEPRECATED, use \-\-http\-health\-check. Specifies an HTTP health check resource
to use to determine the health of instances in this pool. If no health check is
specified, traffic will be sent to all instances in this target pool as if the
instances were healthy, but the health status of this pool will appear as
unhealthy as a warning that this target pool does not have a health check.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-http\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR
Specifies an HTTP health check resource to use to determine the health of
instances in this pool. If no health check is specified, traffic will be sent to
all instances in this target pool as if the instances were healthy, but the
health status of this pool will appear as unhealthy as a warning that this
target pool does not have a health check.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the target pool to create. If not specified, you will be prompted
to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-session\-affinity\fR=\fISESSION_AFFINITY\fR; default="NONE"
The type of session affinity to use for this backend service.
\fISESSION_AFFINITY\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBCLIENT_IP\fR
Route requests to instances based on the hash of the client's IP address.
.TP 2m
\fBCLIENT_IP_PROTO\fR
Connections from the same client IP with the same IP protocol willgo to the same
VM in the pool while that VM remains healthy. This option cannot be used for
HTTP(s) load balancing.
.TP 2m
\fBGENERATED_COOKIE\fR
Route requests to instances based on the contents of the "GCLB" cookie set by
the load balancer.
.TP 2m
\fBNONE\fR
Session affinity is disabled.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
