
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_KEYS_VERSIONS_DESTROY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms keys versions destroy \- schedule a version to be destroyed



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms keys versions destroy\fR \fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Schedules the given version for destruction in 24 hours.

After that time period passes it is automatically destroyed. Once destroyed, the
key material is removed but the version number can not be reused.

Only versions which are Enabled or Disabled can be Scheduled for destruction.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
Name of the version to destroy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The containing key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
The containing keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the requested resource.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command schedules version 9 of key \f5frodo\fR within keyring
\f5fellowship\fR and location \f5us\-east1\fR for destruction:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys versions destroy 9 \-\-location us\-east1 \e
    \-\-keyring fellowship \-\-key frodo
.RE
