
.TH "GCLOUD_APP_INSTANCES_ENABLE\-DEBUG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud app instances enable\-debug \- enables debug mode for an instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud app instances enable\-debug\fR [\fIINSTANCE\fR] [\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR,\ \fB\-s\fR\ \fISERVICE\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR,\ \fB\-v\fR\ \fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

When in debug mode, SSH will be enabled on the VMs, and you can use \f5gcloud
compute ssh\fR to login to them. They will be removed from the health checking
pools, but they still receive requests.

Note that any local changes to an instance will be **lost** if debug mode is
disabled on the instance. New instance(s) may spawn depending on the app's
scaling settings.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIINSTANCE\fR]
The instance ID to enable debug mode on. If not specified, select instance
interactively. Must uniquely specify (with other flags) exactly one instance


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR, \fB\-s\fR \fISERVICE\fR
If specified, only match instances belonging to the given service. This affects
both interactive and non\-interactive selection.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR, \fB\-v\fR \fIVERSION\fR
If specified, only match instances belonging to the given version. This affects
both interactive and non\-interactive selection.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To enable debug mode for a particular instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app instances enable\-debug \-\-service=s1 \-\-version=v1 i1
.RE

To enable debug mode for an instance chosen interactively, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app instances enable\-debug
.RE
