
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container \- deploy and manage clusters of machines for running containers



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

The gcloud container command group lets you create and manage Google Container
Engine containers and clusters.

Container Engine is a cluster manager and orchestration system for running your
Docker containers. Container Engine schedules your containers into the cluster
and manages them automatically based on requirements you define, such as CPU and
memory.

More information on Container Engine can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/container\-engine and detailed documentation can be
found here: https://cloud.google.com/container\-engine/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbuilds\fR
Create and manage container builds.

.TP 2m
\fBclusters\fR
Deploy and teardown Google Container Engine clusters.

.TP 2m
\fBimages\fR
List and manipulate Google Container Registry images.

.TP 2m
\fBnode\-pools\fR
Create and delete operations for Google Container Engine node pools.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
Get and list operations for Google Container Engine clusters.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBget\-server\-config\fR
Get Container Engine server config.
.RE
.sp
