
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_KEYS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms keys create \- create a new key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms keys create\fR \fIKEY\fR \fB\-\-purpose\fR=\fIPURPOSE\fR [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR=\fINEXT_ROTATION_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-rotation\-period\fR=\fIROTATION_PERIOD\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Creates a new key within the given keyring.

The optional flags \f5\-\-rotation\-period\fR and \f5\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR
define a rotation schedule for the key. A schedule can also be defined by the
\f5create\-rotation\-schedule\fR command.

The flag \f5\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR must be in ISO or RFC3339 format, and
\f5\-\-rotation\-period\fR must be in the form INTEGER[UNIT], where units can be
one of seconds (s), minutes (m), hours (h) or days (d).



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEY\fR
Name of the key to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-purpose\fR=\fIPURPOSE\fR
The "purpose" of the key. \fIPURPOSE\fR must be (currently only one value is
supported): \fBencryption\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
The containing keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the requested resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR=\fINEXT_ROTATION_TIME\fR
Next automatic rotation time of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-rotation\-period\fR=\fIROTATION_PERIOD\fR
Automatic rotation period of the key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a key named \f5frodo\fR within the keyring
\f5fellowship\fR and location \f5us\-east1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys create frodo \e
    \-\-location us\-east1 \e
    \-\-keyring fellowship \e
    \-\-purpose encryption
.RE

The following command creates a key named \f5strider\fR within the keyring
\f5rangers\fR and location \f5global\fR with a specified rotation schedule:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys create strider \e
    \-\-location global \-\-keyring rangers \e
    \-\-purpose encryption \e
    \-\-rotation\-period 30d \e
    \-\-next\-rotation\-time 2017\-10\-12T12:34:56.1234Z
.RE
