
.TH "GCLOUD_SERVICE\-MANAGEMENT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud service\-management \- create, enable and manage API services



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud service\-management\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Google Service Management is an infrastructure service of Google Cloud Platform
that manages other APIs and services, including Google's own Cloud Platform
services and their APIs, and services created using Google Cloud Endpoints.

More information on Service Management can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/service\-management and detailed documentation can be
found here: https://cloud.google.com/service\-management/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBconfigs\fR
View configurations for various services.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
Manage Operation for various services.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
Add IAM policy binding for a service.

.TP 2m
\fBcheck\-iam\-policy\fR
Returns information about a member's permissions on a service.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Deletes a service.

.TP 2m
\fBdeploy\fR
Deploys a service configuration for the given service name.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Describes a service given a service name.

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\fR
Disables a service for consumption for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBenable\fR
Enables a service for consumption for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
Describes the IAM policy for a service.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List services for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
Remove IAM policy binding for a service.

.TP 2m
\fBundelete\fR
Undeletes a service given a service name.
.RE
.sp
