
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_OPERATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc operations \- view and manage Google Cloud Dataproc operations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc operations\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

View and manage Google Cloud Dataproc operations.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Specifies the Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcancel\fR
Cancel an active operation.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete the record of an inactive operation.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
View the details of an operation.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
View the list of all operations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To cancel an active operation, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc operations cancel operation_id
.RE

To view the details of an operation, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc operations describe operation_id
.RE

To see the list of all operations, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc operations list
.RE

To delete the record of an inactive operation, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc operations delete operation_id
.RE
