
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_CLUSTERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc clusters \- create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc clusters



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc clusters\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc clusters.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Specifies the Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Create a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
View the details of a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBdiagnose\fR
Run a detailed diagnostic on a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
View a list of clusters in a project.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
Update labels and/or the number of worker nodes in a cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters create my_cluster
.RE

To resize a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters update my_cluster \-\-num_workers 5
.RE

To delete a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters delete my_cluster
.RE

To view the details of a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters describe my_cluster
.RE

To see the list of all clusters, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters list
.RE
