
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS_ADD\-PATH\-MATCHER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute url\-maps add\-path\-matcher \- add a path matcher to a URL map



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute url\-maps add\-path\-matcher\fR \fIURL_MAP_NAME\fR \fB\-\-path\-matcher\-name\fR=\fIPATH_MATCHER_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-default\-backend\-bucket\fR=\fIDEFAULT_BACKEND_BUCKET\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-default\-service\fR=\fIDEFAULT_SERVICE\fR) [\fB\-\-backend\-bucket\-path\-rules\fR=\fIPATH\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR,[\fIPATH\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-backend\-service\-path\-rules\fR=\fIPATH\fR=\fISERVICE\fR,[\fIPATH\fR=\fISERVICE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-delete\-orphaned\-path\-matcher\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-path\-rules\fR=\fIPATH\fR=\fISERVICE\fR,[\fIPATH\fR=\fISERVICE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-existing\-host\fR=\fIEXISTING_HOST\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-new\-hosts\fR=\fINEW_HOST\fR,[\fINEW_HOST\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute url\-maps add\-path\-matcher\fR is used to add a path matcher
to a URL map. A path matcher maps HTTP request paths to backend services or
backend buckets. Each path matcher must be referenced by at least one host rule.
This command can create a new host rule through the \f5\-\-new\-hosts\fR flag or
it can reconfigure an existing host rule to point to the newly added path
matcher using \f5\-\-existing\-host\fR. In the latter case, if a path matcher is
orphaned as a result of the operation, this command will fail unless
\f5\-\-delete\-orphaned\-path\-matcher\fR is provided.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIURL_MAP_NAME\fR
The name of the URL map to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-path\-matcher\-name\fR=\fIPATH_MATCHER_NAME\fR
The name to assign to the path matcher.

.RE
.sp
Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-default\-backend\-bucket\fR=\fIDEFAULT_BACKEND_BUCKET\fR
A backend bucket that will be used for requests that the path matcher cannot
match. Exactly one of \-\-default\-service or \-\-default\-backend\-bucket is
required.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-default\-service\fR=\fIDEFAULT_SERVICE\fR
A backend service that will be used for requests that the path matcher cannot
match. Exactly one of \-\-default\-service or \-\-default\-backend\-bucket is
required.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backend\-bucket\-path\-rules\fR=\fIPATH\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR,[\fIPATH\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR,...]
Rules for mapping request paths to backend buckets.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backend\-service\-path\-rules\fR=\fIPATH\fR=\fISERVICE\fR,[\fIPATH\fR=\fISERVICE\fR,...]
Rules for mapping request paths to services.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-delete\-orphaned\-path\-matcher\fR
If provided and a path matcher is orphaned as a result of this command, the
command removes the orphaned path matcher instead of failing.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the path matcher.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-path\-rules\fR=\fIPATH\fR=\fISERVICE\fR,[\fIPATH\fR=\fISERVICE\fR,...]
Rules for mapping request paths to services.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-existing\-host\fR=\fIEXISTING_HOST\fR
An existing host rule to tie the new path matcher to. Although host rules can
contain more than one host, only a single host is needed to uniquely identify
the host rule.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-new\-hosts\fR=\fINEW_HOST\fR,[\fINEW_HOST\fR,...]
If specified, a new host rule with the given hosts is created and the path
matcher is tied to the new host rule.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a rule for mapping the path \f5/search/*\fR to the hypothetical
\f5search\-service\fR, \f5/static/*\fR to the \f5static\-bucket\fR backend
bucket and \f5/images/*\fR to the \f5images\-service\fR under the hosts
\f5example.com\fR and \f5*.example.com\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute url\-maps add\-path\-matcher MY\-URL\-MAP \e
    \-\-path\-matcher\-name MY\-MATCHER \e
    \-\-default\-service MY\-DEFAULT\-SERVICE \e
    \-\-backend\-service\-path\-rules \e
    '/search/*=search_service,/images/*=images\-service' \e
    \-\-backend\-bucket\-path\-rules '/static/*=static\-bucket' \e
    \-\-new\-hosts example.com '*.example.com'
.RE

Note that a default service or default backend bucket must be provided to handle
paths for which there is no mapping.
