
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS_INVALIDATE\-CDN\-CACHE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute url\-maps invalidate\-cdn\-cache \- invalidate specified objects for a URL map in Cloud CDN caches



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute url\-maps invalidate\-cdn\-cache\fR \fIURLMAP\fR \fB\-\-path\fR=\fIPATH\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute url\-maps invalidate\-cdn\-cache\fR requests that Cloud CDN
stop using cached content for resources at a particular URL path or set of URL
paths.

\fBgcloud compute url\-maps invalidate\-cdn\-cache\fR may succeed even if no
content is cached for some or all URLs with the given path.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIURLMAP\fR
The name of the URL map to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-path\fR=\fIPATH\fR
A path specifying which objects to invalidate. PATH must start with ``/'' and
the only place a ``*'' is allowed is at the end following a ``/''. It will be
matched against URL paths, which do not include scheme, host, or any text after
the first ``?'' or ``#'' (and those characters are not allowed here). For
example, for the URL \f5\fIhttps://example.com/whatever/x.html?a=b\fR\fR, the
path is \f5\fI/whatever/x.html\fR\fR.

If PATH ends with ``*'', the preceding string is a prefix, and all URLs whose
paths begin with it will be invalidated. If PATH doesn't end with ``*'', then
only URLs with exactly that path will be invalidated.

Examples:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
``'', ``*'', anything that doesn't start with ``/'': error
.IP "\(em" 2m
``/'': just the root URL
.IP "\(em" 2m
``/*'': everything
.IP "\(em" 2m
``/x/y'': ``/x/y'' only (and not ``/x/y/'')
.IP "\(em" 2m
``/x/y/'': ``/x/y/'' only (and not ``/x/y'')
.IP "\(em" 2m
``/x/y/*'': ``/x/y/'' and everything under it
.RE
.RE
.sp



.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Do not wait for the operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR
If set, this invalidation will apply only to requests to the specified host.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
