
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_SET\-MACHINE\-TYPE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances set\-machine\-type \- set machine type for Google Compute Engine virtual machines



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances set\-machine\-type\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-custom\-cpu\fR=\fICUSTOM_CPU\fR] [\fB\-\-custom\-memory\fR=\fICUSTOM_MEMORY\fR] [\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\f5\fIgcloud compute instances set\-machine\-type\fR\fR allows you to change the
machine type of a virtual machine in the \fBTERMINATED\fR state (that is, a
virtual machine instance that has been stopped).

For example, if \f5\fIexample\-instance\fR\fR is a \f5\fIg1\-small\fR\fR virtual
machine currently in the \fBTERMINATED\fR state, running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances set\-machine\-type example\-instance \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-b \-\-machine\-type n1\-standard\-4
.RE

will change the machine type to \f5\fIn1\-standard\-4\fR\fR, so that when you
next start \f5\fIexample\-instance\fR\fR, it will be provisioned as an
\f5\fIn1\-standard\-4\fR\fR instead of a \f5\fIg1\-small\fR\fR.

See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/machine\-types for more information on
machine types.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
The name of the instance to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-cpu\fR=\fICUSTOM_CPU\fR
A whole number value indicating how many cores are desired in the custom machine
type. Both \-\-custom\-cpu and \-\-custom\-memory must be specified if a custom
machine type is desired, and the \-\-machine\-type flag must be omitted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-memory\fR=\fICUSTOM_MEMORY\fR
A whole number value indicating how much memory is desired in the custom machine
type. A size unit should be provided (eg. 3072MB or 9GB) \- if no units are
specified, GB is assumed. Both \-\-custom\-cpu and \-\-custom\-memory must be
specified if a custom machine type is desired, and the \-\-machine\-type flag
must be omitted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
Specifies the machine type used for the instances. To get a list of available
machine types, run 'gcloud compute machine\-types list'. Either this flag,
\-\-custom\-cpu, or \-\-custom\-memory must be specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
