
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances update \- update a Google Compute Engine virtual machine



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances update\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances update\fR updates labels and requested CPU Platform
for a Google Compute Engine virtual machine. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances update example\-instance \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
  \-\-update\-labels=k0=value1,k1=value2 \-\-remove\-labels=k3
.RE

will add/update labels \f5\fIk0\fR\fR and \f5\fIk1\fR\fR and remove labels with
key \f5\fIk3\fR\fR.

Labels can be used to identify the instance and to filter them as in

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-filter='labels.k1:value2'
.RE

To list existing labels

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances describe example\-instance \e
    \-\-format='default(labels)'
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
The name of the instance to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
When specified, the VM will be scheduled on host with specified CPU architecture
or a newer one. To list available CPU platforms in given zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud None compute zones describe ZONE \e
  \-\-format="value(availableCpuPlatforms)"
.RE

CPU platform selection is available only in selected zones.

You can find more information on\-line:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/specify\-min\-cpu\-platform

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently
ignored.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to update. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
