
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_JOBS_SUBMIT_SPARK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc jobs submit spark \- submit a Spark job to a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc jobs submit spark\fR \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR [\fB\-\-archives\fR=[\fIARCHIVE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-files\fR=[\fIFILE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-class\fR=\fIMAIN_CLASS\fR] [\fB\-\-jar\fR=\fIMAIN_JAR\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR] [\-\-\ \fIJOB_ARGS\fR\ ...]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Submit a Spark job to a cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\-\- \fIJOB_ARGS\fR ...]
The arguments to pass to the driver.

The '\-\-' argument must be specified between gcloud specific args on the left
and JOB_ARGS on the right.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The Dataproc cluster to submit the job to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-archives\fR=[\fIARCHIVE\fR,...]
Comma separated list of archives to be provided to the job. must be one of the
following file formats: .zip, .tar, .tar.gz, or .tgz.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Does not wait for the job to run.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
The Cloud Storage bucket to stage files in. Defaults to the cluster's configured
bucket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]
A list of package to log4j log level pairs to configure driver logging. For
example: root=FATAL,com.example=INFO

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-files\fR=[\fIFILE\fR,...]
Comma separated list of files to be provided to the job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]
Comma separated list of jar files to be provided to the executor and driver
classpaths.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of key value pairs to configure Spark.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Specifies the Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-class\fR=\fIMAIN_CLASS\fR
The class containing the main method of the driver. Must be in a provided jar or
jar that is already on the classpath

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-jar\fR=\fIMAIN_JAR\fR
The HCFS URI of jar file containing the driver jar.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To submit a Spark job that runs the main class of a jar, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit spark \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-jar my_jar.jar arg1 arg2
.RE

To submit a Spark job that runs a specific class of a jar, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit spark \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-class org.my.main.Class \-\-jars my_jar1.jar,my_jar2.jar arg1 \e
    arg2
.RE

To submit a Spark job that runs a jar that is already on the cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit spark \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-class org.apache.spark.examples.SparkPi \e
    \-\-jars file:///usr/lib/spark/lib/spark\-examples.jar 1000
.RE
