
.TH "GCLOUD_DNS_RECORD\-SETS_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dns record\-sets import \- import record\-sets into your managed\-zone



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dns record\-sets import\fR \fIRECORDS_FILE\fR \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR [\fB\-\-delete\-all\-existing\fR] [\fB\-\-replace\-origin\-ns\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\-file\-format\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command imports record\-sets contained within the specified record\-sets
file into your managed\-zone. Note that NS records for the origin of the zone,
and the SOA NS field, are not imported since name\-servers are managed by Cloud
DNS. By default, record\-sets cannot be imported if there are any conflicts. A
conflict exists if an existing record\-set has the same name and type as a
record\-set that is being imported. In contrast, if the
\-\-delete\-all\-existing flag is used, the imported record\-sets will replace
all the records\-sets currently in the managed\-zone.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIRECORDS_FILE\fR
File from which record\-sets should be imported.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
Name of the managed\-zone whose record\-sets you want to manage.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-delete\-all\-existing\fR
Indicates that all existing record\-sets should be deleted before importing the
record\-sets in the records\-file.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-replace\-origin\-ns\fR
Indicates that NS records for the origin of a zone should be imported if defined

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\-file\-format\fR
Indicates that the records\-file is in the zone file format.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import record\-sets from a yaml record\-sets file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets import YAML_RECORDS_FILE \-\-zone MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To import record\-sets from a zone file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets import ZONE_FILE \-\-zone\-file\-format \e
    \-\-zone MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To replace all the record\-sets in your zone with records from a yaml file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets import YAML_RECORDS_FILE \e
    \-\-delete\-all\-existing \-\-zone MANAGED_ZONE
.RE
