
.TH "GCLOUD_SERVICE\-MANAGEMENT_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud service\-management add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding for a service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud service\-management add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fISERVICE\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Adds IAM policy binding to a service's access policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE\fR
The name of the service to which the member is to be added.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add to the binding. Should be of the form \f5user:user_email\fR
(e.g. \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com.\fR)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com'
on a service with identifier 'my\-service'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud service\-management add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-service \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.
