
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_SET\-TARGET\-POOLS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-target\-pools \- set target pools of managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-target\-pools\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-target\-pools\fR=[\fITARGET_POOL\fR,...] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-target\-pools\fR sets the target
pools for an existing managed instance group. Instances that are part of the
managed instance group will be added to the target pool automatically.

Setting a new target pool won't apply to existing instances in the group unless
they are recreated using the recreate\-instances command. But any new instances
created in the managed instance group will be added to all of the provided
target pools for load balancing purposes.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-pools\fR=[\fITARGET_POOL\fR,...]
Compute Engine Target Pools to add the instances to. Target Pools must be
specified by name or by URL. Example: \-\-target\-pool
target\-pool\-1,target\-pool\-2.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you
will be prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may
be prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
