
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_HEALTH\-CHECKS_CREATE_HTTPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute health\-checks create https \- create a HTTPS health check to monitor load balanced instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute health\-checks create https\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR;\ default="5s"] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR;\ default="2"] [\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR;\ default="80"] [\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR;\ default="NONE"] [\fB\-\-request\-path\fR=\fIREQUEST_PATH\fR;\ default="/"] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="5s"] [\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR;\ default="2"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute health\-checks create https\fR is used to create a HTTPS
health check. HTTPS health checks monitor instances in a load balancer
controlled by a target pool. All arguments to the command are optional except
for the name of the health check. For more information on load balancing, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load\-balancing\-and\-autoscaling/



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the HTTPS health check to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR; default="5s"
How often to perform a health check for an instance. For example, specifying
\f5\fI10s\fR\fR will run the check every 10 seconds. Valid units for this flag
are ``s'' for seconds and ``m'' for minutes. The default value is
\f5\fI5s\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional string description for the HTTPS health check.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR; default="2"
The number of consecutive successful health checks before an unhealthy instance
is marked as healthy. The default is 2.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR
The value of the host header used in this HTTP health check request. By default,
this is empty and Google Compute Engine automatically sets the host header in
health requests to the same external IP address as the forwarding rule
associated with the target pool.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR; default="80"
The TCP port number that this health check monitors. The default value is 80.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR
The port name that this health check monitors. By default, this is empty.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR; default="NONE"
The type of proxy protocol header to be sent to the backend. \fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBNONE\fR
No proxy header is added.
.TP 2m
\fBPROXY_V1\fR
Adds the header "PROXY UNKNOWN\er\en".

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-request\-path\fR=\fIREQUEST_PATH\fR; default="/"
The request path that this health check monitors. For example,
\f5\fI/healthcheck\fR\fR. The default value is ``/''.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="5s"
If Google Compute Engine doesn't receive a healthy response from the instance by
the time specified by the value of this flag, the health check request is
considered a failure. For example, specifying \f5\fI10s\fR\fR will cause the
check to wait for 10 seconds before considering the request a failure. Valid
units for this flag are ``s'' for seconds and ``m'' for minutes. The default
value is \f5\fI5s\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR; default="2"
The number of consecutive health check failures before a healthy instance is
marked as unhealthy. The default is 2.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
