
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_SET\-INSTANCE\-TEMPLATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-instance\-template \- set instance template for managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-instance\-template\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-instance\-template\fR updates
the instance template for an existing managed instance group.

The new template won't apply to existing instances in the group unless they are
recreated using the recreate\-instances command. But the new template does apply
to all new instances added to the managed instance group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR
Compute Engine instance template resource to be used.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you
will be prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may
be prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
