
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_FORWARDING\-RULES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute forwarding\-rules create \- create a forwarding rule to direct network traffic to a load balancer



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute forwarding\-rules create\fR \fINAME\fR (\fB\-\-backend\-service\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_HTTP_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_HTTPS_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-instance\fR=\fITARGET_INSTANCE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-pool\fR=\fITARGET_POOL\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-ssl\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_SSL_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-tcp\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_TCP_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY\fR) [\fB\-\-address\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-ip\-protocol\fR=\fIIP_PROTOCOL\fR] [\fB\-\-load\-balancing\-scheme\fR=\fILOAD_BALANCING_SCHEME\fR;\ default="EXTERNAL"] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\-region\fR=\fISUBNET_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-instance\-zone\fR=\fITARGET_INSTANCE_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-pool\-region\fR=\fITARGET_POOL_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\-region\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-address\-region\fR=\fIADDRESS_REGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-global\-address\fR] [\fB\-\-backend\-service\-region\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_REGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-global\-backend\-service\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-port\-range\fR=[\fIPORT\fR\ |\ \fISTART_PORT\-END_PORT\fR]\ |\ \fB\-\-ports\fR=[\fIPORT\fR\ |\ \fISTART_PORT\-END_PORT\fR],[[\fIPORT\fR\ |\ \fISTART_PORT\-END_PORT\fR],...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute forwarding\-rules create\fR is used to create a forwarding
rule. Forwarding rules match and direct certain types of traffic to a load
balancer which is controlled by a target pool, a target instance, or a target
HTTP proxy. Target pools and target instances perform load balancing at the
layer 3 of the OSI networking model
(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_layer). Target HTTP proxies perform load
balancing at layer 7.

Forwarding rules can be either regional or global. They are regional if they
point to a target pool or a target instance and global if they point to a target
HTTP proxy.

For more information on load balancing, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load\-balancing\-and\-autoscaling/.


When creating a forwarding rule, exactly one of
\f5\fI\-\-target\-instance\fR\fR, \f5\fI\-\-target\-pool\fR\fR,
\f5\fI\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR\fR, \f5\fI\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR\fR,
\f5\fI\-\-target\-ssl\-proxy\fR\fR, \f5\fI\-\-target\-tcp\-proxy\fR\fR, or
\f5\fI\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR\fR must be specified.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the forwarding rule to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backend\-service\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE\fR
The target backend service that will receive the traffic.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_HTTP_PROXY\fR
The target HTTP proxy that will receive the traffic.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_HTTPS_PROXY\fR
The target HTTPS proxy that will receive the traffic.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-instance\fR=\fITARGET_INSTANCE\fR
The name of the target instance that will receive the traffic. The target
instance must be in a zone that's in the forwarding rule's region. Global
forwarding rules may not direct traffic to target instances. If not specified,
you may be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-pool\fR=\fITARGET_POOL\fR
The target pool that will receive the traffic. The target pool must be in the
same region as the forwarding rule. Global forwarding rules may not direct
traffic to target pools.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-ssl\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_SSL_PROXY\fR
The target SSL proxy that will receive the traffic.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-tcp\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_TCP_PROXY\fR
The target TCP proxy that will receive the traffic.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY\fR
The target VPN gateway that will receive forwarded traffic.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-address\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR
The external IP address that the forwarding rule will serve. All traffic sent to
this IP address is directed to the target pointed to by the forwarding rule.
Assigned IP addresses can be reserved or unreserved.

If the address is reserved, it must either (1) reside in the global scope if the
forwarding rule is being configured to point to an external load balancer or (2)
reside in the same region as the forwarding rule if the forwarding rule is being
configured to point to a target pool or target instance. If this flag is
omitted, an ephemeral IP address is assigned.

Note: An IP address must be specified if the traffic is being forwarded to a
VPN.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional textual description for the forwarding rule.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ip\-protocol\fR=\fIIP_PROTOCOL\fR
The IP protocol that the rule will serve. The default is TCP. \fIIP_PROTOCOL\fR
must be one of: \fBAH\fR, \fBESP\fR, \fBICMP\fR, \fBSCTP\fR, \fBTCP\fR,
\fBUDP\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-load\-balancing\-scheme\fR=\fILOAD_BALANCING_SCHEME\fR; default="EXTERNAL"
This signifies what the forwarding rule will be used for.
\fILOAD_BALANCING_SCHEME\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBEXTERNAL\fR
Used for HTTP or HTTPS for External Load Balancing.
.TP 2m
\fBINTERNAL\fR
Used for Internal Network Load Balancing.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
(Only for Internal Load Balancing) The network that this forwarding rule applies
to. If this field is not specified, the default network will be used. In the
absence of the default network, this field must be specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
(Only for Internal Load Balancing) The subnetwork that this forwarding rule
applies to. If the network configured for this forwarding rule is in auto subnet
mode, the subnetwork is optional. However, if the network is in custom subnet
mode, a subnetwork must be specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\-region\fR=\fISUBNET_REGION\fR
The region of the subnetwork to operate on. If not specified it will be set the
region of the forwarding rule. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-instance\-zone\fR=\fITARGET_INSTANCE_ZONE\fR
The zone of the target instance to operate on. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-pool\-region\fR=\fITARGET_POOL_REGION\fR
The region of the target pool to operate on. If not specified it will be set the
region of the forwarding rule. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\-region\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY_REGION\fR
The region of the VPN gateway to operate on. If not specified it will be set the
region of the forwarding rule. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-address\-region\fR=\fIADDRESS_REGION\fR
The region of the address to operate on. If not specified, you will be prompted
to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\-address\fR
If provided, it is assumed the address is global.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backend\-service\-region\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_REGION\fR
The region of the backend service to operate on. If not specified it will be set
the region of the forwarding rule. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\-backend\-service\fR
If provided, it is assumed the backend service is global.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, it is assumed the forwarding rule is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the forwarding rule to create. If not specified, you will be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\-range\fR=[\fIPORT\fR | \fISTART_PORT\-END_PORT\fR]
DEPRECATED, use \-\-ports. If specified, only packets addressed to ports in the
specified range will be forwarded. If not specified for regional forwarding
rules, all ports are matched. This flag is required for global forwarding rules.

Either an individual port (\f5\-\-port\-range 80\fR) or a range of ports
(\f5\-\-port\-range 3000\-3100\fR) may be specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ports\fR=[\fIPORT\fR | \fISTART_PORT\-END_PORT\fR],[[\fIPORT\fR | \fISTART_PORT\-END_PORT\fR],...]
If specified, only packets addressed to ports in the specified list will be
forwarded. If not specified for regional forwarding rules, all ports are
matched. This flag is required for global forwarding rules and accepts a single
continuous set of ports.

Individual ports and ranges can be specified, for example (\f5\-\-ports
8000\-8004\fR or \f5\-\-ports 80\fR).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
