
.TH "GCLOUD_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_DEPLOYMENTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud deployment\-manager deployments create \- create a deployment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud deployment\-manager deployments create\fR \fIDEPLOYMENT_NAME\fR \fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-preview\fR] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTIES\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command inserts (creates) a new deployment based on a provided config file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDEPLOYMENT_NAME\fR
Deployment name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR
Filename of config that specifies resources to deploy. More information is
available at https://cloud.google.com/deployment\-manager/docs/configuration/.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately and print information about the Operation in progress rather
than waiting for the Operation to complete. (default=False)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Optional description of the deployment to insert.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preview\fR
Preview the requested create without actually instantiating the underlying
resources. (default=False)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTIES\fR,...]
A comma separated, key:value, map to be used when deploying a template file
directly.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a new deployment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager deployments create my\-deployment \e
    \-\-config config.yaml \-\-description "My deployment"
.RE

To preview a deployment without actually creating resources, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager deployments create my\-new\-deployment \e
    \-\-config config.yaml \-\-preview
.RE

To instantiate a deployment that has been previewed, issue an update command for
that deployment without specifying a config file.
