
.TH "GCLOUD_AUTH_LOGIN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud auth login \- authorize gcloud to access Google Cloud Platform



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud auth login\fR [\fIACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-activate\fR] [\fB\-\-brief\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-gdrive\-access\fR] [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-launch\-browser\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Obtains access credentials for your user account via a web\-based authorization
flow. When this command completes successfully, it sets the active account in
the current configuration to the account specified. If no configuration exists,
it creates a configuration named default.

If valid credentials for an account are already available from a prior
authorization, the account is set to active without rerunning the flow.

Use \f5gcloud auth list\fR to view credentialed accounts.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIACCOUNT\fR]
User account used for authorization.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-activate\fR
Set the new account to active. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-activate\fR to
disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-brief\fR
Minimal user output.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-gdrive\-access\fR
Enable Google Drive access.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR
Re\-run the web authorization flow even if the given account has valid
credentials.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-launch\-browser\fR
Launch a browser for authorization. If not enabled or DISPLAY variable is not
set, prints a URL to standard output to be copied. Enabled by default, use
\fB\-\-no\-launch\-browser\fR to disable.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
