
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_IMAGES_DEPRECATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute images deprecate \- manage deprecation status of Google Compute Engine images



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute images deprecate\fR \fIIMAGE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-state\fR=\fISTATE\fR [\fB\-\-replacement\fR=\fIREPLACEMENT\fR] [\fB\-\-delete\-in\fR=\fIDELETE_IN\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-delete\-on\fR=\fIDELETE_ON\fR] [\fB\-\-obsolete\-in\fR=\fIOBSOLETE_IN\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-obsolete\-on\fR=\fIOBSOLETE_ON\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute images deprecate\fR is used to deprecate images.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_NAME\fR
The name of the disk image to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-state\fR=\fISTATE\fR
The deprecation state to set on the image. \fISTATE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBACTIVE\fR
The image is currently supported.
.TP 2m
\fBDELETED\fR
New uses result in an error. Setting this state will not automatically delete
the image. You must still make a request to delete the image to remove it from
the image list.
.TP 2m
\fBDEPRECATED\fR
Operations which create a new \fBDEPRECATED\fR resource return successfully, but
with a warning indicating that the image is deprecated and recommending its
replacement.
.TP 2m
\fBOBSOLETE\fR
New uses result in an error.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-replacement\fR=\fIREPLACEMENT\fR
Specifies a Compute Engine image as a replacement for the image being phased
out. Users of the deprecated image will be advised to switch to this
replacement. For example, \fB\-\-replacement example\-image\fR or
\fB\-\-replacement projects/google/global/images/example\-image\fR.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-delete\-in\fR=\fIDELETE_IN\fR
Specifies the amount of time until the image will be marked as DELETED. Note:
The image will not actually be deleted \- this field is only for informational
purposes (see below). For instance, specifying \f5\fI30d\fR\fR will mark as
DELETED in 30 days from the current system time. Valid units for this flag are
``s'' for seconds, ``m'' for minutes, ``h'' for hours and ``d'' for days. If no
unit is specified, seconds is assumed.

Note that the image will not be deleted automatically. The image will only be
marked as deleted. An explicit request to delete the image must be made in order
to remove it from the image list. This flag is mutually exclusive with
\fB\-\-delete\-on\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-delete\-on\fR=\fIDELETE_ON\fR
Similar to \fB\-\-delete\-in\fR, but specifies an absolute time when the image
will be marked as DELETED. Note: The image will not actually be deleted \- this
field is for informational purposes (see the description of \-\-delete\-in for
more details). The date and time specified must be valid RFC 3339 full\-date or
date\-time. For times in UTC, this looks like
\f5\fIYYYY\-MM\-DDTHH:MM:SSZ\fR\fR. For example: 2020\-01\-02T00:00:00Z for
midnight on January 2, 2020 in UTC. This flag is mutually exclusive with
\fB\-\-delete\-in\fR.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-obsolete\-in\fR=\fIOBSOLETE_IN\fR
Specifies time (in the same format as \fB\-\-delete\-in\fR) until the image will
be marked OBSOLETE. State will not be changed \- it is only for informational
purposes. This flag is mutually exclusive with \fB\-\-obsolete\-on\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-obsolete\-on\fR=\fIOBSOLETE_ON\fR
Specifies time (in the same format as \fB\-\-delete\-on\fR) when this image will
be marked as OBSOLETE. State will not be changed \- it has only informational
purpose. This flag is mutually exclusive with \fB\-\-obsolete\-in\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To deprecate an image called 'IMAGE' immediately, mark it as obsolete in one
day, and mark it as deleted in two days, use:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute images deprecate IMAGE \-\-state DEPRECATED \e
    \-\-obsolete\-in 1d \-\-delete\-in 2d
.RE

To un\-deprecate an image called 'IMAGE', use:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute images deprecate IMAGE \-\-state ACTIVE
.RE
