
.TH "GCLOUD_APP_SERVICES_SET\-TRAFFIC" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud app services set\-traffic \- set traffic splitting settings



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud app services set\-traffic\fR [\fISERVICES\fR\ ...] \fB\-\-splits\fR=\fISPLITS\fR,[\fISPLITS\fR,...] [\fB\-\-migrate\fR] [\fB\-\-split\-by\fR=\fISPLIT_BY\fR;\ default="ip"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command sets the traffic split of versions across a service or a project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fISERVICES\fR ...]
The services to modify.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-splits\fR=\fISPLITS\fR,[\fISPLITS\fR,...]
Key\-value pairs describing what proportion of traffic should go to each
version. The split values are added together and used as weights. The exact
values do not matter, only their relation to each other. For example, v1=2,v2=2
is equivalent to v1=.5,v2=.5


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-migrate\fR
The migrate flag determines whether or not to use traffic migration during the
operation. Traffic migration will attempt to automatically migrate traffic from
the previous version to the new version, giving the autoscaler time to respond.
See the documentation here:
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/python/console/trafficmigration for more
information.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-split\-by\fR=\fISPLIT_BY\fR; default="ip"
Whether to split traffic based on cookies or IP addresses. \fISPLIT_BY\fR must
be one of: \fBcookie\fR, \fBip\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To send all traffic to 'v2' of service 's1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app services set\-traffic s1 \-\-splits v2=1
.RE

To split traffic evenly between 'v1' and 'v2' of service 's1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app services set\-traffic s1 \-\-splits v2=.5,v1=.5
.RE

To split traffic across all services:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app services set\-traffic \-\-splits v2=.5,v1=.5
.RE
