
.TH "GCLOUD_SOURCE_REPOS_CLONE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud source repos clone \- clone project git repository in the current directory



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud source repos clone\fR \fIREPOSITORY_NAME\fR [\fIDIRECTORY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command clones git repository for the currently active Google Cloud
Platform project into the specified folder in the current directory.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREPOSITORY_NAME\fR
Name of the repository. Note: Google Cloud Platform projects generally have (if
created) a repository named "default"

.TP 2m
[\fIDIRECTORY_NAME\fR]
Directory name for the cloned repo. Defaults to the repository name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
If provided, prints the command that would be run to standard out instead of
executing it.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To use the default Google Cloud repository for development, use the following
commands. We recommend that you use your project name as TARGET_DIR to make it
apparent which directory is used for which project. We also recommend to clone
the repository named 'default' since it is automatically created for each
project, and its contents can be browsed and edited in the Developers Console.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud init
$ gcloud source repos clone default TARGET_DIR
$ cd TARGET_DIR
... create/edit files and create one or more commits ...
$ git push origin master
.RE
