
.TH "GCLOUD_IAM_LIST\-GRANTABLE\-ROLES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud iam list\-grantable\-roles \- list IAM grantable roles for a resource



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud iam list\-grantable\-roles\fR \fIRESOURCE\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR;\ default="100"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command displays the list of grantable roles for a resource. The resource
can be referenced either via the full resource name or via a URI. User can then
add IAM policy bindings to grant the roles.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIRESOURCE\fR
The full resource name to get the list of roles for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR; default="100"
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

List grantable roles for a project:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam list\-grantable\-roles \e
    //cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com/projects/PROJECT_ID
.RE

List grantable roles for a resource identified via full resource name:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam list\-grantable\-roles \e
    //compute.googleapis.com/projects/example\-project/zones/\e
us\-central1\-f/instances/example\-instance
.RE

List grantable roles for a resource identified via URI:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam list\-grantable\-roles \e
    https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/example\-project/\e
zones/us\-central1\-f/instances/example\-instance
.RE
