
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPONENTS_INSTALL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud components install \- install one or more Cloud SDK components



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud components install\fR \fICOMPONENT\-IDS\fR [\fICOMPONENT\-IDS\fR\ ...] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Ensure that each of the specified components (as well as any dependent
components) is installed on the local workstation. Components are installed
without performing any upgrades to your existing SDK installation. All
components are installed at the current version of your SDK.

Components that are available for installation can be viewed by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud components list
.RE

Installing a given component will also install all components on which it
depends. The command lists all components it is about to install, and asks for
confirmation before proceeding.

\f5\fIgcloud components install\fR\fR installs components from the version of
the Cloud SDK you currently have installed. You can see your current version by
running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud version
.RE

If you want to update your Cloud SDK installation to the latest available
version, use:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud components update
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICOMPONENT\-IDS\fR [\fICOMPONENT\-IDS\fR ...]
The IDs of the components to be installed.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command installs \f5\fICOMPONENT\-1\fR\fR,
\f5\fICOMPONENT\-2\fR\fR, and all components that they depend on:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud components install COMPONENT\-1 COMPONENT\-2
.RE
