
.TH "GCLOUD_PROJECTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud projects create \- create a new project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud projects create\fR [\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-apis\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR] [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-set\-as\-default\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Creates a new project with the given project ID.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIPROJECT_ID\fR]
ID for the project you want to create.

Project IDs must start with a lowercase letter and can have lowercase ASCII
letters, digits or hyphens. Project IDs must be between 6 and 30 characters.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-cloud\-apis\fR
Enable cloudapis.googleapis.com during creation. Enabled by default, use
\fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-apis\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR
Name for the project you want to create. If not specified, will use project id
as name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
ID for the organization to use as a parent

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-as\-default\fR
Set newly created project as [core.project] property.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a project with ID \f5example\-foo\-bar\-1\fR, name
\f5Happy project\fR and label \f5type=happy\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects create example\-foo\-bar\-1 \-\-name="Happy project" \e
    \-\-labels=type=happy
.RE

The following command creates a project with ID \f5example\-3\fR with parent
\f5organizations/2048\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects create example\-3 \-\-organization=2048
.RE
