
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_OPERATIONS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc operations list \- view the list of all operations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc operations list\fR [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-state\-filter\fR=\fISTATE_FILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR;\ default="100"] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

View a list of operations in a project. An optional filter can be used to
constrain the operations returned. Filters are case\-sensitive and have the
following syntax:

.RS 2m
field = value [AND [field = value]] ...
.RE

where \f5field\fR is either of \f5status.state\fR or \f5labels.[KEY]\fR, where
\f5[KEY]\fR is a label key. \f5value\fR can be \f5*\fR to match all values.
\f5status.state\fR is one of: \f5PENDING\fR, \f5ACTIVE\fR, \f5DONE\fR. Only the
logical \f5AND\fR operator is supported; space\-separated items are treated as
having an implicit \f5AND\fR operator.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
Restrict to the operations of this Dataproc cluster. This flag is ignored when
\-\-filter is specified. The equivalent term in a \-\-filter expression is:
\f5clusterName = myclustername\fR

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Specifies the Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-state\-filter\fR=\fISTATE_FILTER\fR
Filter by cluster state. This flag is ignored when \-\-filter is specified. The
equivalent term in a \-\-filter expression is: \f5status.state = ACTIVE\fR.
\fISTATE_FILTER\fR must be one of: \fBactive\fR, \fBinactive\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR; default="100"
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see the list of all operations, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc operations list
.RE

To see the list of all active operations in a cluster named mycluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc operations list \e
    \-\-filter='status.state = RUNNING AND clusterName = mycluster'
.RE

To see a list of all pending operations the label \f5env=staging\fR on cluster
\f5mycluster\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc operations list \e
    \-\-filter='status.state = PENDING  AND labels.env = staging AND
 clusterName = mycluster'
.RE
