
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TARGET\-TCP\-PROXIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute target\-tcp\-proxies create \- create a target TCP proxy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute target\-tcp\-proxies create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-backend\-service\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR;\ default="NONE"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute target\-tcp\-proxies create\fR is used to create target TCP
proxies. A target TCP proxy is referenced by one or more forwarding rules which
define which packets the proxy is responsible for routing. The target TCP proxy
points to a backend service which handle the actual requests.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the target TCP proxy to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backend\-service\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE\fR
A backend service that will be used for connections to the target TCP proxy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the target TCP proxy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR; default="NONE"
The type of proxy protocol header to be sent to the backend. \fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBNONE\fR
No proxy header is added.
.TP 2m
\fBPROXY_V1\fR
Enables PROXY protocol (version 1) for passing client connection information.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
