
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_CONFIG\-SSH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute config\-ssh \- populate SSH config files with Host entries from each instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute config\-ssh\fR [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-\-force\-key\-file\-overwrite\fR] [\fB\-\-remove\fR] [\fB\-\-ssh\-config\-file\fR=\fISSH_CONFIG_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR=\fISSH_KEY_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute config\-ssh\fR makes SSHing to virtual machine instances
easier by adding an alias for each instance to the user SSH configuration
(\f5~/.ssh/config\fR) file.

In most cases, it is sufficient to run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute config\-ssh
.RE

Each instance will be given an alias of the form \f5NAME.ZONE.PROJECT\fR. For
example, if \f5example\-instance\fR resides in \f5us\-central1\-a\fR, you can
SSH to it by running:

.RS 2m
$ ssh example\-instance.us\-central1\-a.MY\-PROJECT
.RE

On some platforms, the host alias can be tab\-completed, making the long alias
less daunting to type.

The aliases created interface with SSH\-based programs like \fBscp(1)\fR, so it
is possible to use the aliases elsewhere:

.RS 2m
$ scp ~/MY\-FILE example\-instance.us\-central1\-a.MY\-PROJECT:~
.RE

Whenever instances are added, removed, or their external IP addresses are
changed, this command should be re\-executed to update the configuration.

This command ensures that the user's public SSH key is present in the project's
metadata. If the user does not have a public SSH key, one is generated using
\fBssh\-keygen(1)\fR (if the \f5\-\-quiet\fR flag is given, the generated key
will have an empty passphrase).



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
If provided, the proposed changes to the SSH config file are printed to standard
output and no actual changes are made.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\-key\-file\-overwrite\fR
If enabled gcloud will regenerate and overwrite the files associated with a
broken SSH key without asking for confirmation in both interactive and
non\-interactive environment.

If disabled gcloud will not attempt to regenerate the files associated with a
broken SSH key and fail in both interactive and non\-interactive environment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\fR
If provided, any changes made to the SSH config file by this tool are reverted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssh\-config\-file\fR=\fISSH_CONFIG_FILE\fR
Specifies an alternative per\-user SSH configuration file. By default, this is
\f5\fI~/.ssh/config\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR=\fISSH_KEY_FILE\fR
The path to the SSH key file. By default, this is
\f5\fI~/.ssh/google_compute_engine\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
