
.TH "GCLOUD_DEBUG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud debug \- commands for interacting with the Cloud Debugger



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud debug\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

The gcloud debug command group provides interaction with Stackdriver Debugger,
allowing you to list and manipulate debugging targets, snapshots and logpoints.

Stackdriver Debugger is a feature of the Google Cloud Platform that lets you
inspect the state of an application at any code location without using logging
statements and without stopping or slowing down your applications.

More information on Stackdriver Debugger can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/debugger and detailed documentation can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/debugger/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlogpoints\fR
Commands for interacting with Cloud Debugger logpoints.

.TP 2m
\fBsnapshots\fR
Commands for interacting with Cloud Debugger snapshots.

.TP 2m
\fBsource\fR
Commands to manage source information for Stackdriver tools.

.TP 2m
\fBtargets\fR
Commands for interacting with Cloud Debugger debug targets.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To view all available debug targets, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud debug targets list
.RE

.RS 2m
NAME           ID             DESCRIPTION
default\-test   gcp:1234:5678  myproject\-test\-9876543
default\-test2  gcp:9012:3456  myproject\-test2\-1234567
.RE

To create a snapshot in a for a particular target:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud debug snapshots create \-\-target=default\-test foo.py:12
.RE

Note that if there is not a target with the exact name or ID specified, the
target is treated as a regular expression to match against the name or
description:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud debug snapshots create \-\-target=test foo.py:12
.RE

.RS 2m
ERROR: (gcloud.beta.debug.snapshots.create) Multiple possible targets found.
Use the \-\-target option to select one of the following targets:
    default\-test
    default\-test2
.RE

.RS 2m
In the above case, "test" matches both targets' names. Specifying 'test$'
would match only "default\-test" (by name), while "9876" would match
"default\-test" by description.
.RE
