
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TARGET\-POOLS_SET\-BACKUP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute target\-pools set\-backup \- set a backup pool for a target pool



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute target\-pools set\-backup\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-failover\-ratio\fR=\fIFAILOVER_RATIO\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-backup\-pool\fR=\fIBACKUP_POOL\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-backup\-pool\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute target\-pools set\-backup\fR is used to set a backup target
pool for a primary target pool, which defines the fallback behavior of the
primary pool. If the ratio of the healthy instances in the primary pool is at or
below the specified \f5\fI\-\-failover\-ratio value\fR\fR, then traffic arriving
at the load\-balanced IP address will be directed to the backup pool.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the target pool for which to set the backup pool.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-failover\-ratio\fR=\fIFAILOVER_RATIO\fR
The new failover ratio value for the target pool. This must be a float in the
range of [0, 1].

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the target pool to set a backup pool for. If not specified, you
will be prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backup\-pool\fR=\fIBACKUP_POOL\fR
Name of the target pool that will serve as backup.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-backup\-pool\fR
Unsets the backup pool. This disables failover.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To cause \f5TARGET\-POOL\fR (in region \f5us\-central1\fR) to fail over to
\f5BACKUP\-POOL\fR when more than half of the \f5TARGET\-POOL\fR instances are
unhealthy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-pools set\-backup TARGET\-POOL \e
    \-\-backup\-pool BACKUP\-POOL \-\-failover\-ratio 0.5 \e
    \-\-region us\-central1
.RE

To remove \f5BACKUP\-POOL\fR as a backup to \f5TARGET\-POOL\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-pools set\-backup TARGET\-POOL \e
    \-\-backup\-pool '' \-\-region us\-central1
.RE
