
.TH "GCLOUD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud \- manage Google Cloud Platform resources and developer workflow



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-account\fR=\fIACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-configuration\fR=\fICONFIGURATION\fR] [\fB\-\-flatten\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-format\fR=\fIFORMAT\fR] [\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-quiet\fR,\ \fB\-q\fR] [\fB\-\-verbosity\fR=\fIVERBOSITY\fR;\ default="warning"] [\fB\-h\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR,\ \fB\-v\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-http\fR] [\fB\-\-trace\-token\fR=\fITRACE_TOKEN\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-user\-output\-enabled\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

The \fBgcloud\fR CLI manages authentication, local configuration, developer
workflow, and interactions with the Google Cloud Platform APIs.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-account\fR=\fIACCOUNT\fR
Google Cloud Platform user account to use for invocation. Overrides the default
\fBcore/account\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-configuration\fR=\fICONFIGURATION\fR
The configuration to use for this command invocation. For more information on
how to use configurations, run: \f5gcloud topic configurations\fR. You can also
use the [CLOUDSDK_ACTIVE_CONFIG_NAME] environment variable to set the equivalent
of this flag for a terminal session.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-flatten\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
Flatten \fIname\fR[] output resource slices in \fIKEY\fR into separate records
for each item in each slice. Multiple keys and slices may be specified. This
also flattens keys for \fB\-\-format\fR and \fB\-\-filter\fR. For example,
\fB\-\-flatten=abc.def[]\fR flattens \fBabc.def[].ghi\fR references to
\fBabc.def.ghi\fR. A resource record containing \fBabc.def[]\fR with N elements
will expand to N records in the flattened output. This flag interacts with other
flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR,
\fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-format\fR=\fIFORMAT\fR
Sets the format for printing command output resources. The default is a
command\-specific human\-friendly output format. The supported formats are:
\f5config\fR, \f5csv\fR, \f5default\fR, \f5diff\fR, \f5disable\fR,
\f5flattened\fR, \f5get\fR, \f5json\fR, \f5list\fR, \f5multi\fR, \f5none\fR,
\f5object\fR, \f5table\fR, \f5text\fR, \f5value\fR, \f5yaml\fR. For more details
run $ gcloud topic formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-help\fR
Display detailed help.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If omitted
then the current project is assumed. Overrides the default \fBcore/project\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-quiet\fR, \fB\-q\fR
Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If input is
required, defaults will be used, or an error will be raised. Overrides the
default \fBcore/disable_prompts\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-verbosity\fR=\fIVERBOSITY\fR; default="warning"
Override the default verbosity for this command. \fIVERBOSITY\fR must be one of:
\fBdebug\fR, \fBinfo\fR, \fBwarning\fR, \fBerror\fR, \fBcritical\fR, \fBnone\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-h\fR
Print a summary help and exit.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR, \fB\-v\fR
Print version information and exit. This flag is only available at the global
level.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OTHER FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-http\fR
Log all HTTP server requests and responses to stderr. Overrides the default
\fBcore/log_http\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-trace\-token\fR=\fITRACE_TOKEN\fR
Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of issues.
Overrides the default \fBcore/trace_token\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\-output\-enabled\fR
Print user intended output to the console. Overrides the default
\fBcore/user_output_enabled\fR property value for this command invocation. Use
\fB\-\-no\-user\-output\-enabled\fR to disable.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBapp\fR
Manage your App Engine deployments.

.TP 2m
\fBauth\fR
Manage oauth2 credentials for the Google Cloud SDK.

.TP 2m
\fBcomponents\fR
List, install, update, or remove Google Cloud SDK components.

.TP 2m
\fBcompute\fR
Create and manipulate Google Compute Engine resources.

.TP 2m
\fBconfig\fR
View and edit Cloud SDK properties.

.TP 2m
\fBcontainer\fR
Deploy and manage clusters of machines for running containers.

.TP 2m
\fBdataflow\fR
Manage Google Cloud Dataflow jobs.

.TP 2m
\fBdataproc\fR
Create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc clusters and jobs.

.TP 2m
\fBdatastore\fR
Manage your Cloud Datastore indexes.

.TP 2m
\fBdebug\fR
Commands for interacting with the Cloud Debugger.

.TP 2m
\fBdeployment\-manager\fR
Manage deployments of cloud resources.

.TP 2m
\fBdns\fR
Manage your Cloud DNS managed\-zones and record\-sets.

.TP 2m
\fBfirebase\fR
Work with Google Firebase.

.TP 2m
\fBiam\fR
Manage IAM service accounts and keys.

.TP 2m
\fBkms\fR
Manage cryptographic keys in the cloud.

.TP 2m
\fBml\fR
Use Google Cloud machine learning capabilities.

.TP 2m
\fBml\-engine\fR
(REMOVED) Manage Cloud ML Engine jobs and models.

.TP 2m
\fBorganizations\fR
Create and manage Google Cloud Platform Organizations.

.TP 2m
\fBprojects\fR
Create and manage project access policies.

.TP 2m
\fBservice\-management\fR
Create, enable and manage API services.

.TP 2m
\fBsource\fR
Cloud git repository commands.

.TP 2m
\fBspanner\fR
Command groups for Cloud Spanner.

.TP 2m
\fBsql\fR
Manage Cloud SQL databases.

.TP 2m
\fBtopic\fR
gcloud supplementary help.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdocker\fR
Provides the docker CLI access to the Google Container Registry.

.TP 2m
\fBfeedback\fR
Provide feedback to the Google Cloud SDK team.

.TP 2m
\fBhelp\fR
Prints detailed help messages for the specified commands.

.TP 2m
\fBinfo\fR
Display information about the current gcloud environment.

.TP 2m
\fBinit\fR
Initialize or reinitialize gcloud.

.TP 2m
\fBversion\fR
Print version information for Cloud SDK components.
.RE
.sp
