
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_IMAGES_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute images list \- list Google Compute Engine images



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute images list\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-preview\-images\fR] [\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR,\ \fB\-r\fR\ \fIREGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-show\-deprecated\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-standard\-images\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute images list\fR displays all Google Compute Engine images in a
project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fINAME\fR ...]
If provided, show details for the specified names and/or URIs of resources.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preview\-images\fR
Show images that are in limited preview. The preview image projects are: (none)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR, \fB\-r\fR \fIREGEXP\fR
A regular expression to filter the names of the results on. Any names that do
not match the entire regular expression will be filtered out.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-show\-deprecated\fR
If provided, deprecated images are shown.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-standard\-images\fR
Show images from well\-known image projects. The well known image projects are:
centos\-cloud, coreos\-cloud, debian\-cloud, cos\-cloud, rhel\-cloud,
suse\-cloud, suse\-sap\-cloud, ubuntu\-os\-cloud, windows\-cloud,
windows\-sql\-cloud. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-standard\-images\fR to
disable.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all images in a project in table form, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute images list
.RE

To list the URIs of all images in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute images list \-\-uri
.RE
