
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TARGET\-HTTPS\-PROXIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute target\-https\-proxies create \- create a target HTTPS proxy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute target\-https\-proxies create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-ssl\-certificate\fR=\fISSL_CERTIFICATE\fR \fB\-\-url\-map\fR=\fIURL_MAP\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute target\-https\-proxies create\fR is used to create target
HTTPS proxies. A target HTTPS proxy is referenced by one or more forwarding
rules which define which packets the proxy is responsible for routing. The
target HTTPS proxy points to a URL map that defines the rules for routing the
requests. The URL map's job is to map URLs to backend services which handle the
actual requests. The target HTTPS proxy also points to an SSL certificate used
for server\-side authentication.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the target HTTPS proxy to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssl\-certificate\fR=\fISSL_CERTIFICATE\fR
A reference to an SSL certificate resource that is used for server\-side
authentication. The SSL certificate must exist and cannot be deleted while
referenced by a target HTTPS proxy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-url\-map\fR=\fIURL_MAP\fR
A reference to a URL map resource that defines the mapping of URLs to backend
services. The URL map must exist and cannot be deleted while referenced by a
target HTTPS proxy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the target HTTPS proxy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
