
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_CLUSTERS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc clusters list \- view a list of clusters in a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc clusters list\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR;\ default="100"] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

View a list of clusters in a project. An optional filter can be used to
constrain the clusters returned. Filters are case\-sensitive and have the
following syntax:

.RS 2m
field = value [AND [field = value]] ...
.RE

where \f5field\fR is one of \f5status.state\fR, \f5clusterName\fR, or
\f5labels.[KEY]\fR, and \f5[KEY]\fR is a label key. \f5value\fR can be \f5*\fR
to match all values. \f5status.state\fR can be one of the following:
\f5ACTIVE\fR, \f5INACTIVE\fR, \f5CREATING\fR, \f5RUNNING\fR, \f5ERROR\fR,
\f5DELETING\fR, or \f5UPDATING\fR. \f5ACTIVE\fR contains the \f5CREATING\fR,
\f5UPDATING\fR, and \f5RUNNING\fR states. \f5INACTIVE\fR contains the
\f5DELETING\fR and \f5ERROR\fR states. \f5clusterName\fR is the name of the
cluster provided at creation time. Only the logical \f5AND\fR operator is
supported; space\-separated items are treated as having an implicit \f5AND\fR
operator.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Specifies the Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR; default="100"
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see the list of all clusters, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters list
.RE

To show a cluster whose name is \f5mycluster\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters list \-\-filter='clusterName = mycluster'
.RE

To see the list of all clusters with particular labels, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters list \e
    \-\-filter='labels.env = staging AND labels.starred = *'
.RE

To see a list of all active clusters with particular labels, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters list \e
    \-\-filter='status.state = ACTIVE labels.env = staging AND
 labels.starred = *'
.RE
