
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_ADD\-ACCESS\-CONFIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances add\-access\-config \- create a Google Compute Engine virtual machine access configuration



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances add\-access\-config\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-access\-config\-name\fR=\fIACCESS_CONFIG_NAME\fR;\ default="external\-nat"] [\fB\-\-address\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR] [\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=\fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR;\ default="nic0"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances add\-access\-config\fR is used to create access
configurations for network interfaces of Google Compute Engine virtual machines.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
The name of the instance to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-access\-config\-name\fR=\fIACCESS_CONFIG_NAME\fR; default="external\-nat"
Specifies the name of the new access configuration. \f5\fIexternal\-nat\fR\fR is
used as the default if this flag is not provided.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-address\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR
Specifies the external IP address of the new access configuration. If this is
not specified, then the service will choose an available ephemeral IP address.
If an explicit IP address is given, then that IP address must be reserved by the
project and not be in use by another resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=\fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR; default="nic0"
Specifies the name of the network interface which contains the access
configuration. If this is not provided, then "nic0" is used as the default.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
