
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_RESET\-WINDOWS\-PASSWORD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute reset\-windows\-password \- reset and return a password for a Windows machine instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute reset\-windows\-password\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute reset\-windows\-password\fR allows a user to reset and
retrieve a password for a Windows virtual machine instance. If the Windows
account does not exist, this command will cause the account to be created and
the password for that new account will be returned.

For Windows instances that are running a domain controller, running this command
creates a new domain user if the user does not exist, or resets the password if
the user does exist. It is not possible to use this command to create a local
user on a domain\-controller instance.

For all other instances, including domain\-joined instances, running this
command creates a local user or resets the password for a local user.

WARNING: Resetting a password for an existing user can cause the loss of data
encrypted with the current Windows password, such as encrypted files or stored
passwords.

The user running this command must have write permission for the Google Compute
Engine project containing the Windows instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
The name of the instance to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR
\f5\fIUSER\fR\fR specifies the username to get the password for. If omitted, the
username is derived from your authenticated account email address.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.
