
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc \- create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc clusters and jobs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

The gcloud dataproc command group lets you create and manage Google Cloud
Dataproc clusters and jobs.

Cloud Dataproc is an Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, Apache Pig, and Apache Hive
service. It easily processes big datasets at low cost, creating managed clusters
of any size that scale down once processing is complete.

More information on Cloud Dataproc can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/dataproc and detailed documentation can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/


.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see how to create and manage clusters, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters
.RE

To see how to submit and manage jobs, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs
.RE



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Specifies the Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBclusters\fR
Create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc clusters.

.TP 2m
\fBjobs\fR
Submit and manage Google Cloud Dataproc jobs.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
View and manage Google Cloud Dataproc operations.
.RE
.sp
